---
layout: post
title: "Training for an endurance race&#58; Phase 1 - Base Training"
permalink: /archives/2009/06/training_for_an_endurance_race_phase_1_base_traini.html
commentfile: 2009-06-04-training_for_an_endurance_race_phase_1_base_traini
category: around_town
date: 2009-06-04 08:25:50

---

This phase builds on strength and stamina and is essential to prevent injury. The key areas during this phase are to build slowly. As I have 10 months left to work towards running the _Marathon des Sables_ I need to focus on consistency in training and building on the miles per week. I will therefore look at doing the following weekly training programme over the next 8-10 weeks.

* Easy run, building up to 5-6 miles by the end of the 10 weeks.
* Resistant workout, plus 10 minutes of abdominal work.
* Easy run of 4-5 miles including hills. So by the end of the 10 weeks I am mainly running hills for 5 miles, or doing repeat hills.
* Resistant workout as above with an optional cross training session for about 40 minutes.
* REST
* Long slow run with pack for 90 plus minutes, with slowly building up distance and speed.
* REST or recovery run for 2/3 miles.

The resistance work will help strengthen my quads, hamstrings and core muscles to prepare for the long runs. Whilst during these long runs, I will need to incorporate hiking and running as few elite ultra runners run for the full duration if the race is over 50 miles.

I'll cover each particular training phase, strategies to cope with long runs, eating on the run and other key tips over the next few weeks. I will be doing this for 2 charities (F.R.O.D.O. and Against Malaria) as it will keep me going in the toughest moments both during training and in the race. If you want to keep up with my training then visit "www.run.uk.net/training diary":http://www.run.uk.net/trainingdiary.aspx

If you want to get fit for summer, why not try early morning bootcamps? The next bootcamp starts on Monday 8<sup>th</sup> June. Visit "www.run.uk.net":http://www.run.uk.net/ for more information or call Georgie on 07736 070612.








