---
layout: post
title: "Children's Writing Competition Launched"
permalink: /archives/2009/05/childrens_writing_competition_launched.html
commentfile: 2009-05-28-childrens_writing_competition_launched
category: news
date: 2009-05-28 13:14:17

---

Children in the borough of Richmond are being asked to combine literary flair with the goal of buying text books to support the learning of slum children in Delhi, India.

A teacher at St John the Baptist C of E School, Hampton Wick, visited slums in Delhi last year and witnessed the poor provision of education and educational resources. In response, the school have decided to run a writing competition, not only to create  funding to buy modern text books for those children who attend school, but to raise awareness of the amazing work carried out by ASHA, an Indian charity which works in some of Delhi's worst slums. Visit "www.asha-india.org/educationsuccessstories.aspx":http://www.asha-india.org/educationsuccessstories.aspx to read about the charity's work.

The competition is open for children aged between 6-11 years old, who attend any of Richmond's state primary schools.

Children are being asked to write a poem or a short piece of prose, no longer than 500 words, on the theme, 'I Have a Dream'. To tell their story, children in Years 1 and 2 are being invited to draw a story board of six frames with written captions. The fee of &pound;3 per entry will go to ASHA.


The competition will be divided into three school year categories: Years 1 and 2;  Years 3 and 4; Years 5 and 6. In each category the prizes will be as follows:

* *1st prize*
i-pod shuffle - sponsored by Bilas Tandoori, Teddington
* *2nd prize*
&pound;10 voucher for The Entertainer Toy Shop - sponsored by The Entertainer Toy Shop
* *3rd prize*
&pound;5 book token for Langton's Book Shop  - sponsored by Langton's Book Shop, Church St, Twickenham.

Entries will be judged by writer and senior lecturer at Kingston University, Alison Baverstock; former Blue Peter presenter, Tina Heath; and former producer of Byker Grove, BAFTA nominee and judge, Tim Holloway.

The closing date for the competition is : Monday 13 July 2009

All entries should be addressed to : I HAVE A DREAM, St John the Baptist C of E Junior School, Lower Teddington Road, Hampton Wick, KT1 4HQ and arrive no later than 5pm on 13 July.

"For rules of the competition and further information visit":http://www.st-john.richmond.sch.uk 



