---
layout: post
title: "News from the St Margarets Traders Association"
permalink: /archives/2009/09/news_from_the_st_margarets_traders_association.html
commentfile: 2009-09-17-news_from_the_st_margarets_traders_association
category: news
date: 2009-09-17 22:49:46
excerpt: |
    The traders association with support from Richmond council has been actively seeking to encourage and support new businesses to the area. We are very please to become on of the few local areas that does not have any empty shops on the market. The last few remaining empty units in Crown Road and St Margarets Road are all 'work in progress' and very soon should all have re opened. We thought you might like a summary of some of the changes taking place:
    
    * Mrs Moon haberdashery will be opening at the empty shop at 41 Crown Road
    * Gaia is moving into the empty shop at 8 Crown road (whilst their premises is being re-built).
    * The former 'Nosh' restaurant is currently being refurbished and will reopen later in the year under new ownership.
    * The car showroom at 49 Crown Road has re-opened under new management
    * The empty unit at 91 Crown Road is under offer - watch this space.
    * The former 'Fiori' site at the station is due to be refurbished - the owners say they also have a tenant in place for the New Year.

---

The traders association with support from Richmond council has been actively seeking to encourage and support new businesses to the area. We are very please to become on of the few local areas that does not have any empty shops on the market. The last few remaining empty units in Crown Road and St Margarets Road are all 'work in progress' and very soon should all have re opened. We thought you might like a summary of some of the changes taking place:

* Mrs Moon haberdashery will be opening at the empty shop at 41 Crown Road
* Gaia is moving into the empty shop at 8 Crown road (whilst their premises is being re-built).
* The former 'Nosh' restaurant is currently being refurbished and will reopen later in the year under new ownership.
* The car showroom at 49 Crown Road has re-opened under new management
* The empty unit at 91 Crown Road is under offer - watch this space.
* The former 'Fiori' site at the station is due to be refurbished - the owners say they also have a tenant in place for the New Year.


The Traders Association will be also launching the St Margarets magazine in November. The magazine will include news and information about all the latest ranges of offer in St Margarets along with recommendations for your festive table.

We would also like to include some local stories, recommendations, pictures and illustrations. If you would like to submit an article or favourite picture for inclusion in the magazine please contact the editor at "events@stmgrts.org.uk":mailto:events@stmgrts.org.uk





