---
layout: post
title: "Twickenham Riverside Consultation Dates"
permalink: /archives/2009/03/twickenham_riverside_consultation_dates.html
commentfile: 2009-03-06-twickenham_riverside_consultation_dates
category: news
date: 2009-03-06 09:01:58

---

The public consultation on the three developers' projected schemes for the Twickenham Riverside will run from 9 - 27 March. There will be a public display at the Civic Centre, 44 York Street, with boards illustrating each set of plans from the developers, from 9-15 March. The public will be invited to make comments via a questionnaire; the closing date for responses will be March 27. The three developers are Countryside Properties, Quad Group/Ellmer Construction and Trevor Osborne Property Group. In addition to the developers' displays, there will be "a display on the River Centre":http://www.rivercentre.org.uk/#rcdetails : the projected building, its uses, and the work that's already under way with local schools, groups and the community, to spread awareness and knowledge of the Thames and the area in which we live.

The exhibition will be held on the ground floor of the Civic Centre, Twickenham from Monday 9 March to Sunday 15 March (inclusive). Hours of opening will be: 2 pm until 8 pm on Monday to Friday ; 10 am until 4 pm on Saturday 14 March; and 11 am until 3p m on Sunday 15 March. The final decision on the choice of scheme/developer will be taken at the Cabinet meeting of 27 April.

<cite>-- from Christopher J Squire</cite>





