---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder: 'As You Like It' - 18 to 23 July 2016"
permalink: /archives/2016/07/event-rss-as-you-like-it.html
commentfile: 2016-07-14-event-rss-as-you-like-it
category: around_town
date: 2016-07-14 08:55:01
excerpt: |
    Richmond Shakespeare Society (RSS) - one of the borough's longest-standing theatre companies - is staging As You Like It  by William Shakespeare  "from Monday 18<sup>th</sup> to Saturday 23<sup>rd</sup> July":http://stmgrts.org.uk/event/play/200705145687 at the Fountain Gardens, Twickenham Riverside.
---
Richmond Shakespeare Society (RSS) - one of the borough's longest-standing theatre companies - is staging As You Like It  by William Shakespeare  "from Monday 18<sup>th</sup> to Saturday 23<sup>rd</sup> July":http://stmgrts.org.uk/event/play/200705145687 at the Fountain Gardens, Twickenham Riverside.

Witty, bawdy and romantic, As You Like It is the Bard's great comedy of love. In peril of her life, Rosalind flees the court where she was brought up, to seek her banished father in the Forest of Arden, accompanied by her down-to-earth cousin Celia. Freed from conventions, she discovers her true self and again meets Orlando, the man of her dreams. There's just one problem - Rosalind is disguised as a boy.  Bring a picnic to Twickenham's idyllic Fountain Gardens and prepare to be wooed by a host of memorable characters transported to the chic and stylish, Charleston-tapping twenties. Whoop the wrestling, ponder the seven ages of man and look out for those goats!

h4. More Information

* Tickets are available either on 020 8744 0547 or at "www.richmondshakespeare.org.uk":http://www.richmondshakespeare.org.uk.
* All evening performances at 7.45pm with a matinee on Saturday 23<sup>rd</sup> July at 3.00pm.
* Tickets: &pound;12 for concessions & &pound;14 for full-price tickets    (Booked by 9<sup>th</sup> July) &pound;14 for concessions & &pound;16 for full-price tickets   (Booked on or after 10<sup>th</sup> July)
