---
layout: post
title: "Consultation: Have your say on the future of Old Deer Park"
permalink: /archives/2016/10/2016-10-15-consultation-old-deer-park.html
commentfile: 2016-10-15-consultation-old-deer-park
category: news
date: 2016-10-15 10:26:49
excerpt: |
    Have your say on planning guidelines that are being drafted for Old Deer Park in a Council Consultation that was launched on 7 October 2016. The purpose of this informal consultation is to enable residents, businesses, community groups and local organisations to help Richmond Council create planning guidelines for the Old Deer Park Conservation Area.
---

Have your say on planning guidelines that are being drafted for Old Deer Park in a Council Consultation that was launched on 7October 2016.

The purpose of this informal consultation is to enable residents, businesses, community groups and local organisations to help Richmond Council create planning guidelines for the Old Deer Park Conservation Area. The comments received will help to develop a Supplementary Planning Document (SPD) to ensure that future developments in Old Deer Park are sensitive to its historic attributes whilst supporting the future needs of the recreational, sporting, and community activities that take place in Old Deer Park throughout the year.

The consultation is now in its second stage after an initial consultation took place last Summer. The Council is now seeking your views on a range of ideas that have been developed as to how future development and environmental improvements could be brought forward based on feedback from the first consultation and assessments of the facilities that the Council has commissioned.  The consultation runs from Friday, October 7 to Friday, November 4.

Richmond Council's Cabinet Member for Environment, Cllr Pamela Fleming, said:

bq. "The historic grounds of Old Deer Park are a much loved place for everyone within Richmond and beyond to visit. I'm sure there will be a great deal of interest in helping to develop this planning document which will be looking to protect and enhance this beautiful local asset whilst enabling the important community, sporting and recreation uses to prosper. Don't miss your chance to make your views known and take part today."

The consultation can be viewed online by visiting "consultation.richmond.gov.uk/consultation/old-deer-park":https://consultation.richmond.gov.uk/consultation/old-deer-park

The consultation material can also be viewed at a number of locations in and around the Old Deer Park. Venues include:

* Pools on the Park
* Old Deer Park Sports Ground
* Richmond Athletic Association Ground (weekends only),
* Richmond Adult Community College
* Richmond Lending Library
* The Civic Centre in Twickenham

There will be representatives from the Council who will be available to answer questions at:

* Richmond Athletic Association Ground, Twickenham Rd, Richmond from 9:30am until 11:30am on Sunday 16 October.
