---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder: Richmond Borough Mind Fundraising Dinner - 30 July 2016"
permalink: /archives/2016/07/event_mind_fundraising-dinner.html
commentfile: 2016-07-03-event_mind_fundraising-dinner
category: around_town
date: 2016-07-03 08:41:26
excerpt: |
     Join us for a taste of Indian and Pakistani cuisine, prepared by West End chef Martin George (The Savoy Hotel, Tramshed, Cannizaro House), who has created a unique menu to showcase his favourite dishes.
---

Join us for a taste of Indian and Pakistani cuisine, prepared by West End chef Martin George (The Savoy Hotel, Tramshed, Cannizaro House), who has created a unique menu to showcase his favourite dishes.

Doors open at 6:00pm; meal is served at 7:00pm. After the meal enjoy drinks and music until we finish at 10:15pm.

Tickets &pound;30 to include a delicious three course meal and a complimentary drink on arrival.

There will be music throughout the night to accompany the meal. An eclectic mix of jazz, soul, funk, disco, some classics and some new!  DJ and vinyl sets by Lee Fairweather and Hark1karan.

The night is organised to raise money for Richmond Borough Mind, a mental health charity that supports local people experiencing mental health problems and their carers.

h4. More Information

* Saturday 30<sup>th</sup> July
* St Mary's Parish Hall, Langham Road, Teddington, TW11 9HF
* To see the menu, to buy tickets and for more information please visit "www.rbmind.org/news-article.asp?ID=292":http://www.rbmind.org/news-article.asp?ID=292

 
