---
layout: post
title: "Countdown to Richmond Park by-election"
permalink: /archives/2016/11/register-to-vote.html
commentfile: 2016-11-05-register-to-vote
category: news
date: 2016-11-05 14:51:27
excerpt: |
    Richmond Council is encouraging any local residents who live in the Richmond Park constituency, to check they are registered to vote in the by-election on 1 December 2016.
---

Richmond Council is encouraging any local residents who live in the Richmond Park constituency, to check they are registered to vote in the by-election on 1 December 2016.

There are only 29 days until voters go to the polls to elect a Member of Parliament for Richmond Park.

Any residents in the constituency not already registered to vote must do so by 15 November. The final deadline to register to vote by post or to change existing postal or proxy arrangements should reach the Council by 5pm on 16 November. New applications to vote by proxy must be received by 5pm on 23 November 2016.

Mark Maidment, Acting Returning Officer, said:


bq. "Anyone not yet registered to vote should do so as soon as possible in order for them to be sure that they will be able to vote in this election. Residents should remember that they must re-register to vote every time they change address. Even if you pay Council Tax, you're not automatically registered to vote.  It only takes a few minutes to do it online now."


For more information or to register, go to: "www.richmond.gov.uk/vote":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/vote
