---
layout: post
title: "Rachel Staggs Beauty Throughout Twickenham and Richmond"
permalink: /archives/2016/01/rachel-staggs-beauty.html
commentfile: 2016-01-21-rachel-staggs-beauty
category: around_town
date: 2016-01-21 20:10:12
excerpt: |
    Rachel has an opening offer for the St Margarets treatment suite for St Margarets Community Website readers of 25% off until the 1st of February 2016.
---

Rachel Staggs qualified as a hair and make up stylist in 1995 when completing her fashion and photographic specialist make up course at the well recognised West Thames make up college. She then worked for several years with MAC, Bobbi Brown and Benefit.

In 2001 she started offering a bespoke beauty treatments bridal and make up services building up a regular clients base all upon recommendation and in 2010 Rachel set up The Balcony. A Beauty Salon in Richmond.

As of January 2016, Rachel has entered into a partnership with David Masters in St Margarets offering a variety of beauty therapy treatments. This new partnership has given Rachel and her team the opportunity to establish themselves in the heart of St Margarets. With a fantastic treatment suite and the latest cosmeceutical and cosmetic products there is no better time to treat yourself or someone you love.

Rachel has an opening offer for the St Margarets treatment suite for St Margarets Community Website readers of 25% off until the 1st of February 2016.

For further information visit www.rachelstaggs.co.uk.

{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
