---
layout: post
title: "Sunday Fine Foods Market Plans Resubmitted"
permalink: /archives/2005/08/sunday_fine_foo.html
commentfile: 2005-08-03-sunday_fine_foo
category: news
date: 2005-08-03 14:17:59

---

After revising some of the details to accommodate local residents concerns over noise, the St. Margarets' Traders Association and the St. Margarets' Tavern have _resubmitted_ their "application":http://www.ukplanning.com/richmond/showCaseFile.do?councilName=London+Borough+of+Richmond+upon+Thames&appNumber=05%2F2229%2FFUL to the council to hold a small _fine foods_ Sunday market in the pub car park.  The new application includes detailed risk assessments and more information about the market.

<div style="background: #eee; border: 1px solid #000; padding: 1em;"><em>If you would like to comment on the planning application for the Fine Foods Market, you can do so "here":http://www.ukplanning.com/richmond/createComment.do?action=CreateApplicationComment&appNumber=05%2F2229%2FFUL at the Richmond Council Website.</em></div>

The market will be on Sundays from 10:00am to 2:30pm.  The St. Margarets' Tavern will open for coffee from 10:00am and provide toilets, electricity and hand washing facilities for the market stallholders.  Additionally, to lower the impact on nearby residents:

bq.. Stallholders will not be allowed to play music or have generators. Stallholders are not allowed to cook food on site to prevent any food smells coming from the market.

Richmond and Twickenham town centre managers both report that there are no disturbance problems, caused by their markets, to residents living close to their ... much larger markets.

p. The addition of a Sunday Fine Foods Market would benefit the community in that:

* it encourages the regular social interaction of local residents
* increases foot traffic on the high street to support local shops
* and offers residents chance to purchase fresh and organic foods locally, and
* a proportion of the income from the stallholders rent will benefit the local community fund, which helps to maintain and increase floral displays in the area.




