---
layout: post
title: "NSMRA -- Your Local Quiz Inquisitors"
permalink: /archives/2008/06/nsmra_your_local_quiz_inquisitors.html
commentfile: 2008-06-04-nsmra_your_local_quiz_inquisitors
category: around_town
date: 2008-06-04 22:14:53

---

The "North St Margarets Residents Association":https://stmargarets.london/directory/group/200506300538 is proud of some of its more bizarre endeavours to help raise the spirit of their community. Why go for boring whist drives and jumble sales when you can unite a neighbourhood with first-run film shows, re-enactments of arcane Anglo Saxon rituals, barn dances, skiffle classes (ask your granddad!)  and an annual street sale?

The street sale is a particular favourite. Held at the end of the summer the residents simply stick tables outside their houses, cover them with as much bric-a-brac and object d'art (a.k.a junk) as they can find and then sell it to the hundreds of visitors who come from all over to snap up the bargains. It is rather like a huge car boot sale but without the car... or the boot!

The latest NSMRA venture into community conscious-raising is a combined quiz, supper and children's film show all rolled into one. While the children watch a specially picked DVD in one room, their parents get down to answering some scalp scratching questions in another....and even the questions are unusual. Unlike most other quizzes where it is hard academic knowledge that is being tested, the dedicated NSMRA quizzer does his or her research looking at the back of corn flake packets,  underneath children's toys and inside back issues of  'Exchange and Mart.'

The object, of course, is not to win big prizes -- because there aren't any -- but to impress your neighbours by proving that you can tell the difference between smoky bacon and cheese and onion crisps. In north St Margarets competitive crisp consideration is rapidly becoming a major spectator sport!

The "NSMRA Quiz Night":https://stmargarets.london/event/meeting/200705141868 is on Saturday June 21st at the Church Hall in Northcote Road.

"The Great Annual Street Sale - GASS":https://stmargarets.london/event/meeting/200705141869 takes place in and around Haliburton Road on the afternoon of Saturday 6th September.

If you want to find out more about NSMRA or any of their events please Email: "nsmra@btinternet.com":mailto:nsmra@btinternet.com








