---
layout: post
title: "Teddington CPZ&#58; An Unrepresentative Minority wants a CPZ"
permalink: /archives/2008/02/teddington_cpz_an_unrepresentative_minority_wants.html
commentfile: 2008-02-05-teddington_cpz_an_unrepresentative_minority_wants
category: news
date: 2008-02-05 18:59:09

---

bq.. "I thought you might be interested in my analysis of the Council's survey in Teddington.  The issues are very similar -- the worst parking problem occurs in the evening -- and yet the Council wishes to force through a CPZ on a small positive vote (completely ignoring those who didn't vote for whatever reason) of a relatively small section of the area (they asked half the households in Teddington for their views).

Parking in St Margarets is a pain and will remain a pain regardless of whether a CPZ is implemented.  A CPZ will cost everyone money, will bring traffic wardens into the area on a regular basis (perhaps their contract could extend to something socially useful, like litter picking) and will reduce the amount of parking since parking at junctions will be controlled.  Only those who haven't thought about the big picture could possibly favour any CPZ scheme."

<cite>-- former Cllr Simon Lamb</cite>

<div class="letter">

h3. An Unrepresentative Minority wants a CPZ

There are more than 4,400 households in the whole of Teddington (as defined by Council ward boundaries) and just half of them were asked whether they wanted parking restrictions in the area around the station.  Only 354 expressed support for such a scheme and on the strength of their opinions the Council is about to impose a CPZ on everyone.

Of the residents who live closest to the station, only in 2 roads (Adelaide Road and Avenue Road) does a bare majority of the total number of households actual want a CPZ.  The Council has grossly inflated support by ignoring those who were not able or willing to express an opinion.  For example, support in Adelaide Road is stated at 71% but only 5 out the 10 properties expressed support so the true level is just 50%.  Just 1/3rd of the households in Station Road and The Cedars support the scheme.

The 2001 Census shows that there are 11 cars for every 10 households in Teddington so parking is always going to be difficult in areas without off-street spaces.  Indeed, there are over 27% of households with 2 or more cars compared with just 22% with no cars (the balance has one car).  The sensible option is to accept this is a fact of urban life rather than volunteer to pay for a service that has *absolutely no guarantee* you will be able to park close to your property.

In their own report the Council states other drawbacks of a CPZ:

* Displaces parking into nearby uncontrolled roads
* The amount of on-street parking spaces can be reduced since yellow lines will be painted at junctions.

And what of the costs?  A 2 car household could pay &pound;101.25 if their cars are in Band C for CO2 emissions or &pound;337.50 if they are in the highest band (G).  And every visitor's permit will be an additional &pound;1.10.

This Wednesday is the last chance to state your views before the Liberal Democrat Cabinet Member for Transport, Cllr David Trigg, makes his decision.  Whilst 1/5th of local residents have no car, 2/3rds of the local Liberal Democrat councillors (Elengorn and Mumford) are without their own transport.  The clear danger is that their dogmatic 'Green' opinions will be foisted on the rest of us by a combination of frustration and inertia.

<cite>-- from Simon Lamb</cite>

</div>

<a href="http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/assets/images/2008/TeddingtonCPZsurveyresults2007.xls">Download Excel spreadsheet with more data.</a>



