---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Club Acoustica & Club Acoustica Too"
permalink: /archives/2008/05/event_reminder_club_acoustica_club_acoustica_too.html
commentfile: 2008-05-08-event_reminder_club_acoustica_club_acoustica_too
category: around_town
date: 2008-05-08 08:29:12

---

Event Reminder: Club Acoustica & Club Acoustica Too

Here are two new (to us) local music clubs in the area.

h4. "Club Acoustica":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/directory/music/200805080324

ALTERNATE FRIDAY'S AND OCCASIONAL SATURDAY'S
AT THE CROWN, 174 RICHMOND ROAD, TWICKENHAM, MIDDLESEX, TW1 2NH  - FROM 7.30PM

London's newest LIVE MUSIC club, featuring you!  From 7.30pm until 10.30 pm (bar closes at midnight). Hosted by house band, THE DEPUTIES.

Country, Rock, Folk, Blues, Bluegrass, Americana - ALL STYLES WELCOME. PA, amps and mics supplied.  This club night ROCKS!! FREE ADMISSION. 18's plus only.



Also...

h4. Club Acoustica Too

EVERY THURSDAY AT THE ABERCORN ARMS, 76 CHURCH ROAD, TEDDINGTON, TW 11 8PY, FROM 8.30pm

For a slightly more sedate, acoustic and singalong evening... UNPLUGGED ACOUSTIC NIGHT - ALL STYLES OF MUSIC WELCOME. GOOD FUN - EASY GOING - NO PRESSURE, A great chance to PERFORM A FEW SONGS IN FRONT OF A FRIENDLY AUDIENCE.... 

Just turn up on the night, first come, first served. Most acts get a 2-song slot, and then if there's time you can come back for another one later on. There's a PA there and a small acoustic guitar amp, Backing available from THE DEPUTIES - just show them the chords!! Its fun and it's free!

*Details*

* For dates and more info please see "www.myspace.com/clubacoustica ":http://www.myspace.com/clubacoustica
* For more information, or to book a slot, please email "caz@starturn.biz":mailto:caz@starturn.biz.



