---
layout: post
title: "St Margaret's Wine Appreciation Group - Latest News - 19th January 2008"
permalink: /archives/2008/01/st_margarets_wine_appreciation_group_latest_news_1.html
commentfile: 2008-01-24-st_margarets_wine_appreciation_group_latest_news_1
category: around_town
date: 2008-01-24 20:39:33

---

The inaugural wine tasting evening of the St Margaret's Wine Appreciation Group's on 17th January was a great success. Local resident and Master of Wine Greg Sherwood did a fantastic job presenting 8 terrific wines for us to blind taste and discuss. Everyone went home much better informed after sampling some excellent wines and looking forward to the next session.

The "next tasting will at Greg's house in Orchard Road":http://stmargarets.london/event/meeting/200705141776, St Margaret's (just the other side of the St Margaret's roundabout) on 13th February 2008 from 8pm-10pm. Once again Greg will be presenting the wines and sharing his expertise with us.

This will be a New World Wines tasting, we shall be tasting some excellent, reasonably priced wines from Australia and New Zealand (two whites and two reds from each country). Cost is &pound;10, payable on the door, to cover the cost of the wine and nibbles, but please let us know beforehand if you are coming so we can assess how much wine is needed and also to give you full instructions on how to get there.

Everyone is welcome. I have set up a mailing list of interested parties.  Please let me know if you want to be added to it.

Hazelle Jackson

* email: "hazelle.jackson@dial.pipex.com":mailto:hazelle.jackson@dial.pipex.com
* tel: 020 88929429





