---
layout: post
title: "Raising money for Romanian children's charity"
permalink: /archives/2008/09/raising_money_for_romanian_childrens_charity.html
commentfile: 2008-09-11-raising_money_for_romanian_childrens_charity
category: news
date: 2008-09-11 15:41:07

---

St Margarets residents and their friends of St Margarets have come together to challenge themselves -- get fit, have fun, and get to know their fellow neighbours, all in the name of charity.

The initiative has been inspired by the work of F.R.O.D.O. (Foundation for the Relief of Disabled Orphans), a UK charity which provides medical treatment and care to disabled children who have been orphaned or abandoned in developing countries. With the highest incidence of abandonment in the world, Romania is the initial focus for the charity. The results achieved here on behalf of this vulnerable group in the two years since it was founded have been significant with over 180 children helped directly.

bq. "It is the clarity and directness of the work which makes F.R.O.D.O. such an exciting organisation to support," said Julie Hollyer one of the St Margarets F.R.O.D.O. group. "It's run by a small team in the UK but continually punches above its weight in its ambitions and achievements." Our aim is to raise enough money to send a Treatment & Training team from the UK to Romania which could treat as many as 70 children. It's also about showing our kids that life is a lottery, just two hours away there are children who are dying from completely curable conditions. The campaign will include a fundraising and learning programme in local schools."

The target is &pound;25,000 which the supporters confidently believe is achievable. Events over the next 8-10 months will include sponsored sporting events, The Great St Margarets Dine Out, wardrobe swap and a school's programme to involve the children in the campaign.

The charity initiative was launched at St Margarets Fair with a cake stall which succeeded in raising over &pound;700.

*The next big event is the F.R.O.D.O. team in the London Duathlon on September 14 in Richmond Park. Ten runners and cyclists from the area and the charity will be taking part with the aim of raising &pound;5,000 towards the target. All sponsors and cheerer ons are welcome.*

To sponsor the team please visit "www.justgiving.com/stmargaretsforfrodo":http://www.justgiving.com/stmargaretsforfrodo

For more information, contact Julie Hollyer or Claire Wilson, on 020 8744 0700 or email "corpunit@aol.com":mailto:corpunit@aol.com. Website "www.frodokids.org":http://www.frodokids.org/





