---
layout: post
title: "Get the jab and defend yourself from flu this winter"
permalink: /archives/2018/10/flu-jabs.html
commentfile: 2018-10-10-flu-jabs
category: news
date: 2018-10-10 13:15:15
excerpt: |
    Winter is coming and it's time to set up defences against the flu by getting the jab.

    The flu vaccination is particularly important for those who are at increased risk from the effects of flu, these include people aged 65 and over, pregnant women and those with long term health conditions. It is also essential that people who provide care for others at risk get vaccinated this year.

---
Winter is coming and it's time to set up defences against the flu by getting the jab.

The flu vaccination is particularly important for those who are at increased risk from the effects of flu, these include people aged 65 and over, pregnant women and those with long term health conditions. It is also essential that people who provide care for others at risk get vaccinated this year.

Flu can be horrible for young children and if they get it, they can spread it around the whole family. Children will receive flu vaccination in the form of a quick and simple nasal spray. two and three-year olds are invited to their GP surgeries, and children at reception class, and years one through four will be vaccinated at their schools.

Cllr Piers Allen, Cabinet member for Adult Social Services and Health said:

> "Getting vaccinated against flu is a good step to making sure you have a healthy, happy winter. Don't put off getting the jab - it's free and it's the best protection against an unpredictable virus.


> "Vaccinations are available at your GP surgery, local pharmacy or, if you are pregnant, ask your midwife if they offer it.


> "Even if you had it last year, it's vital you get it again this year as it protects against different strains of flu which can evolve each year."


People who have not yet turned 65 but will do so on or before 31<sup>st</sup> March 2018 are still eligible to receive the vaccine this year.

Visit [www.londonflu.co.uk](http://www.londonflu.co.uk )to find out which pharmacies are offering the flu vaccination and whether you are exempt from payment.

<cite>&mdash; from a Richmond Council press release - 10 October 2018</cite>
