---
layout: post
title: "Flood Alert for the River Crane - 23 November 2014"
permalink: /archives/2014/11/flood_alert_for_the_river_crane_23_november_2014.html
commentfile: 2014-11-23-flood_alert_for_the_river_crane_23_november_2014
category: news
date: 2014-11-23 13:06:54

---

<em>A Flood Alert has been issued by the Environment Agency for the Fluvial River Crane.</em>

Flooding is possible for The River Crane at Hillingdon, Southall, Cranford, Feltham and Twickenham flooding is possible this afternoon and early this evening.  Low lying land and roads will be affected first. Be prepared to protect yourself, family, pets and property.

The River Crane has responded to rain that has been falling overnight and this morning and river levels are rising in the Cranford Park area. Rain will continue throughout the afternoon before clearing during early evening. The river is expected to continue to rise steadily and may cause some flooding to low lying land and gardens near the river. We are not expecting any flooding to properties at this stage in any area but we will monitor the situation and update this information if anything changes.  


* Prepare a flood kit including a torch, batteries, mobile phone, warm clothes, water, food and any prescription medicines you may need.
* Avoid walking, cycling or driving through flood water.
* Farmers should consider moving livestock and equipment away from areas likely to flood.
* Keep an eye on local water levels and weather conditions.  Visit the Environment Agency website www.environment-agency.gov.uk for river level and flooding information.
* Call Floodline on 0845 988 1188 using quickdial 172608 for up-to-date flooding information. 

Stay tuned to radio weather, news and travel bulletins on LBC 97.3 FM and Digital Radio.



