---
layout: post
title: "St Margarets Music Week - 2 to 8 June 2014"
permalink: /archives/2014/05/st_margarets_music_week_2_to_8_june_2014.html
commentfile: 2014-05-22-st_margarets_music_week_2_to_8_june_2014
category: around_town
date: 2014-05-22 22:35:58

---

_Presented by your very own Crown Road Traders!_

June 2<sup>nd</sup>-8<sup>th</sup> will see a whole week of musical events in St Margarets,

WHY?  Because we want you to help us spread the word to people yet to discover St Margarets and all it has to offer.





*PILATES PLUS JOINS IN!*

Pilates Plus is passionate about helping people to enjoy movement and reap the benefits that it brings, so as music and movement are perfect partners we have decided to present a whole week of activities!

At Studio 4 we would like to encourage our clients to bring along music of your choice to play during your classes this week. If you are already a client, introducing someone new to any of the events listed below, we will give you a &pound;5 voucher to use on your next purchase. PLUS your friend can participate for FREE. Booking is essential and can be done at 4 Crown Road. 02088923403, "info@pilates-plus.co.uk":mailto:info@pilates-plus.co.uk

More information on any of the events can be found there too.

h4. Monday June 2<sup>nd</sup> - Pilates Mat Work classes to music

These classes are part of our normal timetable and are held at Studio 117 with Anne Marie.

* 6.30  Basic Pilates
* 7.30  Intermediate Pilates
* 8.30  Back Care Pilates

h4. Wednesday June 4  0 SPECIAL EVENT  Music and Movement Soiree 1

Put this evening aside and bring your family and friends for an evening not to be missed! Pilates Plus client Cathy Thompson will be playing live with the friends of the Medici Quartet.

There will be a short movement class with Sarah Duley for those wishing to participate or observe, and a chance to order prints from photographer Giles Duley.

* 7.30  Studio 117

h4. Thursday June 5<sup>th</sup> - Mindfulness Meditation and Yoga to music

Another of our regularly scheduled classes held with Marisol Kucharek. Everyone is welcome, this will be a special one as Marisol's class is usually held in silence.

* 6.15  Studio 117
* PLUS late night shopping at no 4 Crown Road, with special offers

h4 Friday June 6<sup>th</sup> - Massage to Alpha Music with Jules Round

This is music which induces Alpha brainwaves which can support relaxation, healing, digestion, the immune system, concentration and emotional well-being. Our brains normally produce faster Betawaves. Alpha waves have a slower, more relaxed frequency, helping not only relaxation, but also stress-free concentration. Patrick Holford, the British nutrition expert, recommends it highly.

These sessions cost &pound;40 for 45min.

If you are introducing a new client today, Jules will give you &pound;10 off of your next treatment.

Treatments Room Studio 117

h4. Music and Movement Soiree 2    SPECIAL EVENT

Another evening to put aside! Our very own teacher Roland Stimpson and client Michelle Nurse have a hidden talent to share! Together for the first time they will play and sing the blues for us.

Again there will be a short movement class with Sarah Duley for those wishing to participate or observe, an opportunity to purchase clothing from the one and only Lulu Lemon range and a chance to order prints from photographer Giles Duley.

h4. Saturday June 7<sup>th</sup> - Pilates Mat Work classes to music

These classes are part of our normal timetable and are held at Studio 117 with Andrea Hill.

* 10.30  Mixed ability Pilates

h4. Sunday June 8<sup>th</sup> - The St Margarets Fair

We very much look forward to seeing you and your friends and family at as many events as possible




