---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Tasting with Les Caves de Pyrene - 10 April 2014"
permalink: /archives/2014/03/event_reminder_tasting_with_les_caves_de_pyrene_10.html
commentfile: 2014-03-26-event_reminder_tasting_with_les_caves_de_pyrene_10
category: around_town
date: 2014-03-26 21:58:34

---

"The Real Wine Month" is a nationwide promotion highlighting organic, biodynamic and natural wines made by artisan growers and winemakers.

From Cheshire to Cornwall and the Orkneys to Oxfordshire and in Ireland and Wales, organic, biodynamic and natural wines will be promoted throughout April in over 200 restaurants, independent merchants and wholesalers.

We will be celebrating The Real Wine Month showcasing our extensive 'Rea'l or 'Natural' wine selection.

We are also delighted to be hosting "an event with Les Caves de Pyrene on Thursday 10 March 2014":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705144383. Our friend, Phil Barnet, will be back with more great wines and conversation.  You will be able to try a number of new and existing 'Natural Wines' from our range, as well as finding out more about each wine and what goes in to making a 'natural' or 'real' wine.

h4. More Information

* Thursday,  10 April 2014 from 6pm until 9pm
* Drop in whenever you like between these times.  Real Wine will be flowing all night.
* Price - FREE to attend
* Capacity - please note that we have a strict maximum capacity so you may have to wait if we get too full

_There is no need to book, please just come along!_

h4. Some more reading on Natural Wines...

The term "natural wine" is by no means precise, but is intended to highlight growers who work in a particular fashion, with minimal mediation, ideally to obtain the purest articulation of terroir, fruit or vintage in the wine. The expression implies that there are wines which are either unnatural, or less natural. This distinction is fundamental to the debate about the way that the wine proceeds from the vine to the bottle.

Natural wines tend to be made in small quantities by artisan or independent producers from organically (or biodynamically) grown grapes in low yielding vineyards and then vinified without sugar, artificial yeasts or enzymes, or recourse to acidification or other adjustments. Most natural wines are neither filtered nor fined. Those that are will either be filtered lightly or fined with organic egg-white.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
