---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; February Fools Cricket Match"
permalink: /archives/2007/02/event_reminder_26.html
commentfile: 2007-02-25-event_reminder_26
category: around_town
date: 2007-02-25 11:49:04

---

*THE ANNUAL WINTER CHARITY GAME*

Sunday 25 February 2007

Cricket   whatever the weather  is the challenge to actors and broadcasting celebrities facing up to the rigours of a British winter, as they have done for over 30 years, on Sunday 25 February at the Bank of England Sports Ground, Priory Lane, Roehampton, SW15, from 11am.

Players will include:*

* Andrew Lincoln -- Love Actually, This Life, Teachers
* Steve Mangan -- Green Wing, Adrian Mole
* Adrian Mills -- TV Travel Shop, LBC
* Lloyd McGuire -- Teachers, Eastenders
* Tim Skelton -- Mamma Mia!

... and many other brave souls.

_All subject to availability.  All monies raised are donated to The Royal Marsden Hospital, to enable them to finance a new, state-of-the-art Haemato-Oncology Unit._

For spectators and families, viewing from the warmth of the Clubhouse, there will be a cake stall, pashmina & jewellery stall, book/music stall, silent auction, bottle tombola, family treats lucky dip and the Grand Raffle - offering the chance to win a weekend break to Malta for two people (courtesy of the Malta Tourist Office).  We are also delighted that the Heart 106.2 Ground Patrol will be supporting us.

Everybody is welcome to come along with family and friends for an enjoyable day in support of this pioneering hospital.  Admission is free.  Hot and cold food will be available from the club's licensed bar.

For further information, contact Teresa Broch / Mandie Adams McGuire 
on 020 8607 7283, "teresa.adamsappeal@virgin.net":mailto:teresa.adamsappeal@virgin.net



