---
layout: post
title: "Radio West Middlesex's 40th Anniversary"
permalink: /archives/2007/11/radio_west_middlesexs_40th_anniversary.html
commentfile: 2007-11-21-radio_west_middlesexs_40th_anniversary
category: news
date: 2007-11-21 21:46:53

---

Radio West Middlesex, the voluntary run hospital radio station for patients at the West Middlesex Hospital in Isleworth, is broadcasting on FM for the very first time from Thursday 22nd to Monday 26th November.

The station is celebrating its 40th Anniversary this year, having broadcast its first record request programme in May 1967. One of the most exciting parts of the celebrations is that over the five days, people in the local area will be able to tune in to Radio West Middlesex too. It'll be broadcasting on 87.7FM to let those outside the wards hear what the station gets up to and for patients, friends and relatives send each other requests. Past members of the station will be coming back to help out over the weekend and there will be some special one-off programmes.



Radio West Middlesex - which is a registered charity - broadcast its first record request programme in May 1967. From a weekly one hour show the station now provides a 24 hour service, with over 25 volunteers visiting patients in the wards and presenting programmes. The mix of record requests, special interest programmes, hospital and local information along with relaxing music is made available to the patients on their bedside entertainment systems.

For more information and programme details go to "www.radiowestmiddlesex.org.uk":http://www.radiowestmiddlesex.org.uk/





