---
layout: post
title: "Council launches dedicated Winter Health page"
permalink: /archives/2017/11/lbrut-winter-health-page.html
commentfile: 2017-11-09-lbrut-winter-health-page
category: news
date: 2017-11-09 19:34:09
excerpt: |
    Need help staying warm and healthy this winter? Richmond Council has launched a dedicated webpage to help you.

    The new <a href="http://www.richmond.gov.uk/winterhealth">Winter Health page</a> on the Council's main website include links to information about NHS services, Council grants, tips and a training guide for frontline staff.
---

Need help staying warm and healthy this winter? Richmond Council has launched a dedicated webpage to help you.

The new "Winter Health page":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/winterhealth on the Council's main website include links to information about NHS services, Council grants, tips and a training guide for frontline staff.

The page aims to help people in the Borough know which services they are eligible for and how best to access the advice and services they need.

Cllr David Marlow, Cabinet member for Adult Services and Health said:

bq.. "The Council's winter services can make a real difference to your health and wellbeing over winter and I urge people to take advantage of it if they are eligible.

"Having all the information about what services are available to you, located in a central place on the Council's site means you are able to know which services are right for your needs."


p. Cllr Mark Boyle, Cabinet member for Housing, Public Health and Community Safety said:

bq.. "Winter can be particularly tough for at risk groups such as older people, people with long term health conditions and pregnant women. I encourage you to speak to your pharmacists about medicines you should have in stock to help get you and your family through the winter season.

"If you start to feel unwell, at the first sign of a winter illness, even if it is just a cough or cold, get advice from your pharmacist before it gets more serious".

p. To access the information visit "www.richmond.gov.uk/winterhealth":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/winterhealth

<cite>&mdash; from a Richmond Council press release - 8 November 2017</cite>
