---
layout: post
title: "Watermans' Mini Book Fest - 15 September 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/08/event-watermans-mini-book-fest.html
commentfile: 2017-08-31-event-watermans-mini-book-fest
category: around_town
date: 2017-08-31 20:40:01
excerpt: |
    We've teamed up with North London's ArchWay With Words Book Festival to bring you our very own mini book festival, themed around London and its river.

    This event is part of Watermans' River Weekender, a weekend festival of arts and exploration for all ages.
---
                                                                                                                   We've teamed up with North London's ArchWay With Words Book Festival to bring you our very own mini book festival, themed around London and its river.

This event is part of Watermans' River Weekender, a weekend festival of arts and exploration for all ages.

* For all ages
* "www.watermans.org.uk weekender river-weekender-2017":https:  "www.watermans.org.uk":http://www.watermans.org.uk weekender river-weekender-2017                                                                                                               * 15% Discount when you book 2 or more events together.
* Watermans With Words is delighted to be working in partnership with The Kew and Sheen Bookshops who be selling signed copies of the books.

Evening programme for Watermans with Words:

h4. Ian Rawes: Listening to the Thames... at night, in 1933

Ian Rawes' project The London Sound Survey is a glorious collection of sound recordings. In this event he presents vintage recordings of life on the Thames, starting in 1933 with a cruise along the river at night. This is a great opportunity to spend some time just listening, to rare recordings and a wonderful speaker

h4. More Information

* Time: 6pm
* Ticket Price: &pound;5

h4. Griot Chinyere Nwaubani: Watery Tales

Griot brings tales of rivers, swamps, seas and other watery places, and brings us her unique vision of what great rivers bring to our community. Come and be swept away on a magical journey with her playful, lyrical stories that make the world that little bit more beautiful...

h4. More Information

* Time: 6:50pm & 7:50pm
* Location: Bar theatre
* Ticket Price: Free

h4. Caitlin Davies: Presents Daisy Belle: Swimming Champion of the World

Caitlin Davies presents a novel in progress, a fictionalised life story based on the lives of Victorian wild swimmers. Illuminating and entertaining, she will enchant you with her tales.

h4. More Information

* Time: 7pm
* Ticket Price: &pound;5

h4. Iain Sinclair: Presents The Last London - the final chapter in his life-long odyssey

Iain Sinclair presents 'The Last London', the last book of his epic project documenting the peculiar magic of the river-city that has absorbed and obsessed him for most of his adult life. With a Q & A session and book signing.

h4. More Information

* Time: 8pm
* Ticket Price: &pound;10

h4. MA Students from the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama: Dramas Along the Thames

This is a great opportunity to see new work from ten emerging  London playwrights presenting short dramatic works inspired by the Thames. Come and hear rehearsed readings of river stories.

h4. More Information

* Time: 9:30pm
* Ticket Price: &pound;3
