---
layout: post
title: "New trustees for Turner's House"
permalink: /archives/2017/05/turners-house-new-trustees.html
commentfile: 2017-05-20-turners-house-new-trustees
category: news
date: 2017-05-20 08:37:11
excerpt: |
     Turner's House Trust has appointed three new Trustees to its Board; Dr Jacqueline Riding, Dr David Souden, and Romy Murray.

---
_Turner's House Trust has appointed three new Trustees to its Board._

The appointments strengthen The Trust's governance as it moves towards the final months of restoration of Sandycombe Lodge, the Twickenham villa designed and built by JMW Turner as a peaceful rural retreat from the London art world and, shortly, its relaunch as an outstanding addition to the rich building heritage in Richmond and Twickenham.

The new Trustees are:

*Dr Jacqueline Riding* a specialist in 18<sup>th</sup> and early 19<sup>th</sup> century British history and art with over 25 years' experience as a curator and consultant within a broad range of museums, galleries and historic buildings. They include Tate Britain, Tate Modern, Wilton's Music Hall and Historic Royal Palaces. She was assistant curator of the Palace of Westminster and founding director of the Handel House Museum. Dr Riding was consultant historian and art historian on Mike Leigh's award-winning Mr Turner and is the consultant historian on his next film Peterloo. Author of several books, she also holds several academic Fellowships.

*Dr David Souden* currently interim Head of Exhibitions at the British Museum. Dr Souden is a consultant in heritage and museum learning and practice at Past Present, he was previously Head of Access and Learning at Historic Royal Palaces where he was a key member of re-presentation and learning initiatives, including Kew Palace. Originally an academic historian, he has been a writer and independent television producer with a range of books and programmes specialising in history, heritage, news and current affairs.

*Romy Murray* who brings extensive business experience spanning 30 years in Shell and Standard Chartered Bank in UK and Hong Kong covering sales, risk management, governance and communications. She is a non-executive director on several boards and practises as an executive coach. Based locally, Romy has supported the restoration of Sandycombe Lodge for a number of years.

Catherine Parry-Wingfield, Chairman, Turner's House Trust says:

bq. "2017 sees the culmination of our exciting restoration project 'Returning Turner to Twickenham. I have no doubt that the talents and experience of our new Trustees will be a considerable asset, broadening the range of board-level skills in this final phase of our project, and looking ahead to a bright future where many generations of visitors and students will be able to enjoy this wonderful building and learn about this little-known aspect of the life and work of JMW Turner, one of the greatest landscape painters in the history of art."


<em>-- from a Turner House press release - 16 May 2017</em>
