---
layout: post
title: "Local vacancy: Customer service at Love Give Ink"
permalink: /archives/2017/08/local-vacancy-love-give-ink-customer-service.html
commentfile: 2017-08-26-local-vacancy-love-give-ink-customer-service
category: around_town
date: 2017-08-26 10:31:41
excerpt: |
    A chance to join award-winning London stationery business Love Give Ink. We are a small but fast-growing company that aims to delight our customers with inventive paper-based goods. We are seeking a full-time Customer Services Assistant to join our friendly team.

---

A chance to join award-winning London stationery business Love Give Ink. We are a small but fast-growing company that aims to delight our customers with inventive paper-based goods. We are seeking a full-time Customer Services Assistant to join our friendly team.

h4. A Bit About Us

Love Give Ink Ltd launched less than four years ago by Martha Keith who, inspired by gifts that she and her other half (Mr LGI) had given each other, decided to create and make inventive paper-based goods. Our aim is to surprise and delight our customers with creative stationery items and unique personalisation options, and have lots of fun in the process!

We sell on our website lovegiveink.com and via the marketplace notonthehighstreet.com. Love Give Ink has been featured in local and national media including The Sunday Times, The Telegraph, The i Newspaper, The Independent, Stylist and Perfect Wedding, Wedding Ideas and Psychologies Magazine. We have also won several awards for our brand and products, including the notonthehighstreet.com 'Start-Up Success of the Year Award'.

h4. Responsibilities will include:

* Striving to delight our customers in all interactions
* Assisting with customer enquiries across all our selling platforms
* Responding to customer emails and phone calls
* Working with the Production Manager and team to ensure all customer requests are implemented
* Liaising with the Creative team to fulfil any bespoke requests
* Processing orders from customers
* Assisting with stock control
* Occasionally assisting with the preparation, dispatch and delivery processes as part of our close-knit team.

h4. The Detail

* Join us as soon as possible
* Normal hours proposed to be 8:00 - 16:15 Monday-Friday with additional weekend or evening hours possible during peak business season
* Salary based on &pound;9 an hour, includes paid holiday, pension, team events and a staff discount on Love Give Ink products.

h4. Application Process

If you think you're the sort of person we're looking for, please email Chris Keith on "chris@lovegiveink.com":mailto:chris@lovegiveink.com as soon as possible with your CV and covering letter outlining why you're perfect for the role.

For more information see our website "www.lovegiveink.com":http://www.lovegiveink.com or our facebook / twitter / instagram for more of what we do, or feel free to contact us on 020 3176 0900
