---
layout: post
title: "Bonnes résolutions pour 2017?"
permalink: /archives/2017/01/french-and-zumba-classes.html
commentfile: 2017-01-05-french-and-zumba-classes
category: around_town
date: 2017-01-04 17:29:26
excerpt: |
    Any New Year resolutions to get fit or improve your French? Adrienne Baddeley, bilingual Oxford scholar, and part-time Zumberita can help you with both.
---

Any New Year resolutions to get fit or improve your French? Adrienne Baddeley, bilingual Oxford scholar, and part-time Zumberita can help you with both.

h4. French

I run friendly French conversation classes during school hours for intermediate and advanced adults. There are maximum 6 students per group, and due to popular demand I have built up from 1 to 4 regular groups. We look at grammar, literature or current affairs, with a good dose of general conversation and games in French.

Please contact me ASAP if you'd like more info or to speak to a current student. There are only a couple of spaces left for 2017, but I'd be happy to start a 5<sup>th</sup> group with minimum 3 new students.

h4. Zumba

To stay fit enough to run after our twins, I run two adult drop-in Zumba classes:

* Thursdays 9:15 - 10:15am at Teddington Pools and Fitness Centre
* Sundays 10 - 11am: Vera Fletcher Hall, Thames Ditton.

These are friendly classes which have been running since 2010, way before the twins, and are one of the highlights of my week. Happy to do 2-for-1 discounts if you mention the St Margarets Community Website.

h4. More Information

* Contact Adrienne: 07855 528 483 / "infolivelanguages@gmail.com":mailto:infolivelanguages@gmail.com
