---
layout: post
title: "Offer day – secondary school places announced"
permalink: /archives/2017/03/lbrut-secondary-offers-announced.html
commentfile: 2017-03-03-lbrut-secondary-offers-announced
category: news
date: 2017-03-03 11:22:56
excerpt: |
    Richmond upon Thames parents who applied for a secondary school place for their children will have received the outcome of their application on the 1<sup>st</sup> and 2<sup>nd</sup> March 2017.

---

Richmond upon Thames parents who applied for a secondary school place for their children will have received the outcome of their application on the 1<sup>st</sup> and 2<sup>nd</sup> March 2017.

The number of applicants is 77 more than last year. 68% percent of applicants will receive a first preference offer (1% more than last year), and 86% will receive an offer at one of their first three preferences.

In London, parents express preferences for secondary schools both inside and outside the borough in which they live, making them far more likely to be oversubscribed than in other parts of England.  Nearly all applicants who applied by the deadline have received an offer of a place. Currently, 31 children have not been offered a place. However, as parents accept / decline their offers over the next few months, it is anticipated that all will receive offers before the summer.

Cllr Paul Hodgins, Cabinet Member for Schools at Richmond Council, said:

bq.. "As our secondary schools continue to improve the demand for our schools is increasing - added to the additional attraction of the new sixth forms.

"More than two-thirds of our students have been offered a place at their first preference of school. I expect this figure to continue to rise as we increase choice and improvements across our schools.

"We have worked hard to ensure that we have enough places for future years. This September, we will welcome the new Richmond upon Thames School, on the Richmond College site.  We are also working with the new developers of the Mortlake Brewery Site to establish a new secondary school on that side of the river.

"We have a number of excellent secondary schools in our borough, and we will continue to push performance improvements across all schools. I know that in the future, we will see even further demand for places."

p. <cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release -- 2 March 2017</cite>
