---
layout: post
title: "Help the ETNA Centre 'cheer for good'"
permalink: /archives/2017/11/etna-centre-campaign.html
commentfile: 2017-11-30-etna-centre-campaign
category: around_town
date: 2017-11-30 17:09:53
excerpt: |
    ETNA Centre have been chosen by 'Starbucks Twickenham' to be part of their CHEER FOR GOOD campaign.

---


ETNA Centre have been chosen by 'Starbucks Twickenham' to be part of their CHEER FOR GOOD campaign.

What does this mean for ETNA?

We'll either receive &pound;500 or, with your help, we can increase this to &pound;2,000!

We'll use this money to kickstart our Community Kitchen fundraising campaign. Think of how many cups of tea we can make in the new kitchen! You might even find yourself enjoying a cuppa with us.

What do you need to do?

h4. Step 1 - Comment on our neighbourly.com page

# Click this link: "www.neighbourly.com/ETNAKitchen":https://www.neighbourly.com/ETNAKitchene
# follow our page on 'neighbourly.com'
# make a comment on our neighbourly.com page to help us score extra points! Why not say...

bq. 'I support ETNA's community kitchen project!'

* You can even upload an image and they'll award us even more points!

h4. Step 2 - CHEER us on Twitter!

# Copy and paste the message below into your Twitter feed. Then ask your friends and family to tweet, re-tweet and share. The more mentions that ETNACentre gets, the greater chance we'll have of raising more money.

bq. Starbucks has nominated @ETNACentre - help us to make a noise to win a grant. Please RT to cheer for us #CheerForGood #ETNAcommunitykitchen #twickenham #community #ETNACentre

But don't hang about! We need you to act right now as the campaign closes in just a few weeks' time.

Thank you for your support
