---
layout: post
title: "Primary school offers day 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/04/primary-school-offers-day-2017.html
commentfile: 2017-04-22-primary-school-offers-day-2017
category: news
date: 2017-04-22 17:06:02
excerpt: |
    Ninety four percent of in-borough applicants have been offered a place at one of their first three preferred state-funded primary schools.
---

Ninety four percent of in-borough applicants have been offered a place at one of their first three preferred state-funded primary schools.

On 18 April, Richmond Council made the initial allocations of Reception class offers for this September. This year, 2,363 in-borough parents applied for a place - compared with 2,413 last year.

Eighty four percent will be offered a place at their first preference primary school, compared to last year's figure of 83%, 2015's figure of 81% and 2014's figure of 82%.

Ninety four percent will be offered a place at one of their top three preferred primary schools, compared to last year's figure of 93%. Ninety Seven percent will be offered a place at one of their preferred primary schools, compared to last year's figure of 96% and 2015's figure of 93%.

Currently 34 in-borough children are unplaced after these first offers, compared with 26 at this time last year. But, the Council knows from experience that a significant number of parents will be offered places for their children in private schools as well as in state-funded ones. Therefore, places will become available from the waiting-lists. All children who are currently unplaced will be allocated a place in the coming weeks and months, well before September.

Parents of children who initially are not offered a place for their child are advised to read very carefully the information which will be posted to them.

Cllr Paul Hodgins, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Schools, said:

bq.. "I am delighted that we have again been able to offer more parents a place at their first preference school.

"Our schools are deservedly popular due to the fact that they continue to top the league tables and offer excellent, inclusive education for local children.

"Although the first preference satisfaction rate in the borough is, thanks to years of careful planning, the highest it has ever been since pan-London coordination started, we are not complacent and we are working very closely with local schools and academy trusts for more places in specific locations."

p. <cite>Richmond Council press release</cite>
