---
layout: post
title: "Jobs now available for young people 16+"
permalink: /archives/2017/08/way2work.html
commentfile: 2017-08-13-way2work
category: news
date: 2017-08-13 05:47:57
excerpt: |
    Young people aged 16 and above looking for an apprenticeship or traineeship in Richmond upon Thames and Kingston are reminded that Way2Work has a number of local opportunities.

    Way2Work is an apprenticeship training provider run by Achieving for Children, on behalf of Richmond and Kingston Councils. They offer apprenticeship vacancies and traineeships opportunities for young people aged 16 and above with local employers who value and encourage them to achieve their full potential.

---

Young people aged 16 and above looking for an apprenticeship or traineeship in Richmond upon Thames and Kingston are reminded that Way2Work has a number of local opportunities.

Way2Work is an apprenticeship training provider run by Achieving for Children, on behalf of Richmond and Kingston Councils. They offer apprenticeship vacancies and traineeships opportunities for young people aged 16 and above with local employers who value and encourage them to achieve their full potential.

Since launching over 26 years ago, Way2Work has helped a thousand young people to secure employment through apprenticeships and associated qualifications.

Current opportunities include traineeships at the Museum of Richmond and apprenticeships at a number of local schools, nurseries and within Achieving for Children. Roles could be in administration, IT, customer service or teaching assistants.

Cllr Susan Chappell, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Young People, said:

> "Way2Work is an excellent programme that gets young people into the workplace. It's tough out there at the moment and Way2Work gives youngsters a chance to earn while they learn.
> 
>  "Importantly they're also able to get recognised qualifications that will help them to advance in their chosen field.
> 
>  "Way2Work is absolutely vital in helping the young unemployed get the chance they deserve. And, with a number of opportunities currently available, I would encourage more young people to go online and find out more about being an apprentice."
> 
> 
 For more information, go to: [www.way2work.org.uk/jobs](http://www.way2work.org.uk/jobs/)
