---
layout: post
title: "Art House deadline looms – don’t miss out"
permalink: /archives/2017/02/arthouse-deadline.html
commentfile: 2017-02-08-arthouse-deadline
category: around_town
date: 2017-02-08 21:37:55
excerpt: |
    Don't miss your chance to be part of the 22nd Art House Festival and get your application in before the deadline closes on Monday, 20 February 2017.
---
Don't miss your chance to be part of the 22<sup>nd</sup> Art House Festival and get your application in before the deadline closes on Monday, 20 February 2017.

This ever-popular creative extravaganza makes a welcome return over the two weekends of Friday 23 June to Sunday 25 June and Friday 30 June to Sunday 2 July. This year's must for your local social calendar is expected to bring together more than 500 artists and craftspeople of all levels, working in a range of disciplines from painting, sculpture and pottery to printmaking and photography.

Local artists will come together and open their doors and studios to the public, offering visitors a unique glimpse into the space in which their artwork was created. The festival takes place across the borough in artists' homes, cafes, shops, churches and other public buildings.

Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Arts and Culture, Cllr Meena Bond, said:


bq. "Show your creative flair and get involved in this year's ever-popular Art House Festival which I am proud to say is now in its 22<sup>nd</sup> year. It's fabulously popular across the borough and this festival will be no different. Art and culture is part of the fabric of our vibrant local community and the standard of artwork exhibited is always very high - so apply today and don't miss out."

For more information on how to apply please visit "www.arthouseopenstudios.co.uk":http://www.arthouseopenstudios.co.uk
