---
layout: post
title: "More Half Term Activities"
permalink: /archives/2005/10/more_half_term.html
commentfile: 2005-10-23-more_half_term
category: around_town
date: 2005-10-23 20:49:28

---

Some more late breaking _half term activities_.

h3. Amida Half-term Camp- Open to NON-members too!

24th-28th October
Full week full days &pound;85  (8.30am-6pm)
Half Week Half Days &pound;70 (10am-4pm)
Daily Rate &pound;25
 
 
h4. Monday 24th October
 
Swimming, Basketball, Badminton, Tennis, Rugby
Squash, Rounders, Bench Ball.
Art attack will be Halloween based.
 
 
h4. Tuesday, 25th October
 
Football, Core Circuit, Swimming, Basketball,
Art Attack will be Halloween based, Rounders
Cricket.
 
 
h4. Wednesday, 26th October
 
Swimming, Football Tournament, Basketball, Dance
Yoga,  Art Attack will be based on
Halloween.
 
 
h4. Thursday, 27th October

Musical Madness, Art Attack, football Crazy
Hockey, Swimming, Basketball.


h4. Friday, 28th October

Get creative and make your pumpkin!! or
Halloween mask to enter in our competition.
Plus all other activities.


Children will need a packed lunch, also enough snacks/drinks
to last the day.  Swimming will take place everyday, please ensure
your child has their swim kit (please note armbands will not be
given out).



h3. Football Coaching

Structured classes to teach children football skillls:

* Dribbling
* Passing
* Shooting
* Small sided games

Run by KARL BUDD (BSc Sport Science)

Mon 24th - Fri 28th October

Venue:  Marble Hill Park, St Margarets

Cost:  &pound;60.00

Class:  Years 1 - 6 (grouped per year)

Time:  10am - 12pm

Children should wear football boots and shink pad and bring a drink.

Call Karl 0208 546 6158 or Mob 0783 460 7918



