---
layout: post
title: "Halloween and Beyond at The Turks' Head"
permalink: /archives/2008/09/halloween_and_beyond_at_the_turks_head.html
commentfile: 2008-09-25-halloween_and_beyond_at_the_turks_head
category: around_town
date: 2008-09-25 12:09:57

---

Halloween night, Friday, 31<sup>st</sup> October, promises to be a really busy night at the pub, not least because we have the excellent Sugar T and the Swells playing (as they generally do on the last Friday of every month) but we also plan to decorate the pub and have the staff in fancy dress- they don't usually need much encouragement.

On the Sunday after Halloween, November 2<sup>nd</sup>, we plan to open the Winchester hall for family dining, with a Halloween theme. We'll decorate the hall and show 2 films on the big screen through the afternoon: "Wallace & Gromit and the curse of the were rabbit" and "Casper". There will also be a small indoor space for children to play and free gifts for children in fancy dress.

We have free live music in the bar every Friday night, coming up there is Andy Wilson on Oct 3rd, and the Reprobates on October 24<sup>th</sup>.

We've also got Elvis back for the evening of Friday November 7<sup>th</sup>, once again this is free and in the main bar. We're in the process of planning a pre-show menu to start the evening off.

Also coming soon, although we haven't finalised details and dates yet is a regular (every 2 weeks) free entry night on a weeknight,in the Winchester Hall to Showcase a range of bands. I imagine it will be alot of new or young bands but all sorts will be welcome (apart from heavy metal).

<cite>-- from "The Turks' Head":https://stmargarets.london/directory/pub/200505231518</cite>





