---
layout: post
title: "Don't Forget to Vote - 5 May 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/05/dont_forget_to_vote_5_may_2011.html
commentfile: 2011-05-05-dont_forget_to_vote_5_may_2011
category: editorial
date: 2011-05-05 08:15:43

---

Referendum on the voting system for UK Parliamentary elections

* "Notice of the Referendum":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/notice_of_referendum_2011.pdf (pdf, 14KB)
* "Notice of Poll and Situation of Polling Stations":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/notice_poll_situation_poll_stats.pdf (pdf, 44KB)
* "Notice of Appointment of Referendum Agents":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/notice_of_appointment_of_referendum_agents.pdf (pdf, 16KB)

The Referendum will take place on Thursday 5 May 2011. Registered electors who are entitled to vote in UK Parliamentary elections will be entitled to vote in this Referendum, and have been sent a poll card.

A Referendum asks you to vote 'yes' or 'no' to a proposal.

The ballot paper asks the following question:

bq. At present, the UK uses the 'first past the post' system to elect MPs to the House of Commons. Should the 'alternative vote' system be used instead?

You make your choice by putting a cross (X) in the 'yes' or 'no' box on your ballot paper.

If more people vote 'yes' than 'no', the 'alternative vote' system will be used for future elections to the House of Commons.

If more people vote 'no' than 'yes', the 'first past the post' system will continue to be used.

h4. No school at St Stephens CoE Junior School or either St Mary's school sites.







