---
layout: post
title: "River Thames Boat Project Charity Concert - 20 May 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/05/river_thames_boat_project_charity_concert_20_may_2.html
commentfile: 2011-05-12-river_thames_boat_project_charity_concert_20_may_2
category: around_town
date: 2011-05-12 09:45:08

---

Marking 25 years since the Chernobyl nuclear accident, Richmond-based charity the "River Thames Boat Project":https://stmargarets.london/directory/charity/201105120443 is organising a special song and music recital. Funds raised by the recital will go towards a holiday on Richmond Venturer for children from Belarus who are still suffering the impact of the disaster.

The Boat Project is working with together with local musical director and tenor Michael McLaughlin and with St Mary Magdalene Church in Paradise Road Richmond TW9 1TP who have offered to host the recital.

The recital also features soprano Christine Cunnold and pianist Christian Dawson who, with Michael, will be performing a selection of classical and popular pieces.

h4. Details

* The concert takes place at 8pm on 20<sup>th</sup> May.
* To book tickets
** &pound;12.50 advance
** &pound;15 door
** &pound;10 concessions
* For further information about the holiday appeal, email "ccp.concert@gmail.com":mailto:ccp.concert@gmail.com or write to the River Thames Boat Project, 66 Hill Street, Richmond TW9 1TW (Tel: 020 8948 8690).



In addition, Richmond Venturer (the barge owned by the River Thames Boat Project) will take a special cruise downstream from Kingston to Richmond in the early evening and a pre-concert reception will be held on board.

A limited number of special all-inclusive packages are available including the cruise from Kingston, drinks reception and concert, or reception and concert. Please email "ccp.concert@gmail.com":mailto:ccp.concert@gmail.com for details.




