---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; East Meets West - 6 October 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/09/event_reminder_east_meets_west_6_october_2012.html
commentfile: 2012-09-13-event_reminder_east_meets_west_6_october_2012
category: 
date: 2012-09-13 20:50:20

---

"The Gallery, Strawberry Hill House - 7.15pm - 9.45pm":https://stmargarets.london/event/concert/200705143581

In keeping with Walpole's ethos of artistic and original entertainment this exquisite acoustic concert presents a programme of Western and Indian classical music with  subtle Jazz undertones.

A champagne reception is followed by a fully seated concert in The Gallery where the acoustics are naturally superb.



The instruments played incorporate. The Cello, Sitar, Double Bass, Mridangam, Saxophone and Flute. With a programme which includes music from JS Bach, Rabindrantha Tagore, Ragar Cole Porter, Hamsadhani, Gershwin,  , Biswas, Raga Ranjani and Irving Berlin.

The musicians are all internationally renowned with Cello player Anup Biswas being described in the Guardian as 'a born communicator' alongside Rostopovich and Jaqueline  Du pre.

We first presented this evening in 2011 with many requests for it to happen again. It is a truly inspiring musical and social experience which was uniquely special to everyone who came along.

Tickets are very limited and available on "www.strawberryhillhouse.org.uk":http://www.strawberryhillhouse.org.uk "@ &pound;35.":http://www.twitter.com/ &pound;35. Proceeds support Strawberry Hill House




