---
layout: post
title: "Isleworth Promenade - a New Friends Group?"
permalink: /archives/2014/11/isleworth_promenade_a_new_friends_group.html
commentfile: 2014-11-06-isleworth_promenade_a_new_friends_group
category: news
date: 2014-11-06 21:06:00

---

South West London Environment Network is a charity that enables and empowers people to protect and improve their local environment. We are interested in working with local residents to establish a Friends of Isleworth Promenade. Friends of parks groups are very popular resident-led groups that work in partnership with the Council to bring about improvements for local green spaces. In August 2014, at the request of some local residents, Richmond Council's Community Links Team organised two volunteer work days with local residents and Councillors along Isleworth Promenade clearing some of the overgrown vegetation to re-establish the fantastic views of the Thames, and removing plants such as fast growing Himalayan Balsam to allow the Purple Loosestrife to flourish for pollinating insects!



Do you live near Isleworth Promenade? Would you like to help support Isleworth Promenade? Having a friends group for Isleworth Promenade could make a real difference. Local residents don't have to just be from Richmond Borough, Isleworth residents are welcome too! If you would like to be involved in establishing a friends group then please contact us and we can provide more information. And visit our website for information about how we support over 30 groups of this kind in Richmond Borough.

h4. More Information

* "www.swlen.org.uk":http://www.swlen.org.uk
* "info@swlen.org.uk":mailto:info@swlen.org.uk
* 020 8892 0590




