---
layout: post
title: "Volunteer Historic Building Stewards - Kilmorey Mausoleum"
permalink: /archives/2016/06/vacancy-kilmorey-mausoleum.html
commentfile: 2016-06-10-vacancy-kilmorey-mausoleum
category: around_town
date: 2016-06-10 10:36:55
excerpt: |
    The Environment Trust is looking for a volunteer historic building steward for Kilmorey Mausoleum.
---


The Environment Trust is a long established local conservation charity with a long term aim to inspire love of local places. In order to do this we create heritage projects that awaken curiosity in our community so that together we can improve our local area. As a result one of our roles is to look after our built heritage. The trust is responsible for enabling access to historic sites across the borough of Richmond and since the recent completion of the restoration of Kilmorey Mausoleum it is time to open this site up to the public more often. At present our aim is to open the site on a quarterly basis. During this opening only the grounds of the mausoleum will be open, as the contents of the mausoleum itself are currently far too fragile for regular openings.

As a volunteer historic building steward for Kilmorey Mausoleum you will be required to fulfil a number of tasks

* Unlocking the site at the arranged time
* Locking up the site at the arranged time
* Welcoming and engaging with visitors and answering questions where possible.
* Providing visitors with information sheets
* Supervising visitors to prevent any damage to the mausoleum or garden.
* Counting the number of visitors per visit.
* Updating the heritage project manager on any issues which arise during openings.

Volunteer Requirements

* Willingness to learn about heritage - we will run a number of training sessions to help you develop your knowledge of the site - The mausoleum and its wildlife garden
* Good time keeping - to arrive promptly to open the site on time
* Reliability - to turn up when planned and fulfil the role requirements.
* Good team working skills - to work alongside fellow volunteers.
* Good communication skills
* Availability on occasional weekends is desirable

Please contact the Heritage Project Manager Sophie Harman on "sophie.harman@environmenttrust.co.uk":mailto:sophie.harman@environmenttrust.co.uk or contact or office on 020 8891 5455 if you are "interested in this role":http://www.environmenttrust.co.uk/vacancies#Volunteer%20Historic%20Building%20Stewards.
