---
layout: post
title: "Gas Mains Replacement Work Postponed"
permalink: /archives/2016/02/st-margarets-rd-gas-mains-work-postponed.html
commentfile: 2016-02-03-st-margarets-rd-gas-mains-work-postponed
category: news
date: 2016-02-03 19:57:08
excerpt: |
    Work on the scheme in St Margarets Road began last month but has now been put on hold until a later date.

---
_A scheme to replace gas mains in Twickenham has been postponed._

Work on the scheme in St Margarets Road began last month but has now been put on hold until a later date.

The essential project involves replacing ageing metal gas mains with tough new pipes and will help ensure the local area continues to enjoy safe and reliable gas supplies.

Phil Walden, Authorising Engineer at National Grid, said:

bq.  "Our initial work revealed that the job was going to be more complex than first thought.
bq. 
bq. "We've concluded that the project would be better delivered after the winter when gas demand is lower."
bq. 
bq. "The postponement of the work won't affect the safety and reliability of people's gas supply."
bq. 
p. Further surveys of the area are now being conducted and National Grid will liaise with the local authorities regarding a re-start date for the project.

For further information on this project call 0800 096 5678.

<cite>-- from a National Grid press release - "2 February 2016":http://media.nationalgrid.com/press-releases/uk-press-releases/south/works-suspended-twickenham-gas-mains-work-put-on-hold/</cite>
