---
layout: post
title: "Event: Protest Destruction of Richmond Park View - 14 December 2016"
permalink: /archives/2016/12/event-richmond-park-view-protest.html
commentfile: 2016-12-09-event-richmond-park-view-protest
category: around_town
date: 2016-12-09 19:55:38
excerpt: |
    Protest gathering against destruction of protected view from Richmond Park to St Paul's Cathedral.  On Wednesday, 14<sup>th</sup> December 2016, 10.45 to 12.30 at the King Henry's Mound (near Pembroke Lodge Gardens), Richmond Park. The rally will then march down the maintained protected avenue of trees marking the beginning of the view created in 1711.

---

Protest gathering against destruction of protected view from Richmond Park to St Paul's Cathedral.  On Wednesday, 14<sup>th</sup> December 2016, 10.45 to 12.30 at the King Henry's Mound (near Pembroke Lodge Gardens), Richmond Park. The rally will then march down the maintained protected avenue of trees marking the beginning of the view created in 1711.

On Wednesday 14<sup>th</sup> December, the developers of Manhattan Loft Gardens will be celebrating the topping-out of their 42 storey hotel, shops and apartment block constructed within the historic protected view-line from Richmond Park to St Paul's Cathedral.

While the developers celebrate what they describe as "London's most stunning view" for residents and hotel guests, thousands of people who cherish what was the freely accessed historic protected view from Richmond Park will be mourning its loss.  But the Friends of Richmond Park have launched a campaign demanding from the London Mayor and the GLA:

* An immediate enquiry into how and why planning permission was granted, particularly as the protected view requires "clear sky background" behind St Paul's
* Why St Paul's Cathedral, Historic England, The Royal Parks and others were not informed about the development
* What other developments have been granted planning permission within this and other protected view-lines
* Plans to mitigate damage to the protected view by the developers of Manhattan Loft Gardens

h4. Sign the petition

Friends of Richmond Park has "launched a petition":https://you.38degrees.org.uk/petitions/stop-destruction-of-historic-st-paul-s-view which has already attracted 7,500 signatures and is expected to grow substantially over the next few weeks.  Please add your name.
