---
layout: post
title: "Our Barn: Multi-Sports Classes"
permalink: /archives/2016/10/our-barn-multi-sport-classes.html
commentfile: 2016-10-02-our-barn-multi-sport-classes
category: around_town
date: 2016-10-02 07:20:04
excerpt: |
    Our Barn is now offering a weekly two hour multi-sport session jointly funded by London Sport and The Schuh Trust. These will take place on Tuesday evenings from 7 to 9pm at a sports club in Osterley.
---
Our Barn is now offering a weekly two hour multi-sport session jointly funded by London Sport and The Schuh Trust. These will take place on Tuesday evenings from 7 to 9pm at a sports club in Osterley.

Participants must be aged between 16 and 25 with learning or other disability such as autism and sign up to an 8 week sportivate course where they can try out two different sports at each session. As well as football and yoga we will be offering alternatives such as boccia, indoor training sessions, and table tennis. We will be inviting guest coaches from Motivate Hounslow to encourage you try out something new, and we'll have our usual support team of David, Kelly and Casey helping everyone take part. The cost will be &pound;3 per session. Participants do not have to live in Hounslow, just as long as they can get to us.

Participants will have the opportunity to continue at the same time and venue once they have completed the 8 sessions. We will be using a badge scheme, so that if you attend 6 sessions you will be awarded a Bronze Active Life badge, if you attend 12 you will receive a Silver Active Life badge and if you attend 24 you will receive a Gold Active Life badge. These will be patch style to be sewn onto a hoodie or hat.

There are having two enrolment sessions on Tuesday 27 September and Tuesday 4 October between 7pm and 9pm at Redlees Play Centre, Worton Road, Isleworth (our usual youth club venue). Come ready to take part in our taster sessions whilst a parent or carer helps complete the brief registration paperwork. Places are limited. If you would like to attend but cannot attend the registration please get in touch with me on "karen@ourbarn.org.uk":mailto:karen@ourbarn.org.uk to make alternative arrangements. We would like participants to pay in 8-weekly blocks if at all possible, at &pound;24 a time. This would be non-refundable, unless we are unable to provide appropriate support. We are a tiny organisation and need to be sure that our costs are covered. We can offer weekly payment on request, but ask that all sessions are paid for, whether or not the young person attends.
