---
layout: post
title: "Richmond Council offers free salt for winter"
permalink: /archives/2017/11/lbrut-free-salt.html
commentfile: 2017-11-18-lbrut-free-salt
category: news
date: 2017-11-18 08:51:52
excerpt: |
    Residents who may be at risk of slipping on their driveways and footpaths are being encouraged to take advantage of the Borough's newest community initiative.

    The Council will be offering residents the option to collect up to 50kg of free rock salt to assist in the clearance of footpaths and to make areas safer for their use.

---

Residents who may be at risk of slipping on their driveways and footpaths are being encouraged to take advantage of the Borough's newest community initiative.

The Council will be offering residents the option to collect up to 50kg of free rock salt to assist in the clearance of footpaths and to make areas safer for their use.

As usual the Council's winter gritting service which runs from October to April will help to keep main roads clear of snow and ice and ensure entrances to important public buildings remain accessible.

Cllr Peter Buckwell, Cabinet member for Highways and Street Scene said:

bq.  "This is a great new initiative which will help our residents deal with ice on their pathways and avoid nasty accidents that come from slipping on ice.
bq. 
bq. "Anyone wanting to take advantage of the scheme can come to the Council's Depot in Langhorn Drive, Twickenham and pick up a bag."
bq. 
bq. "Unfortunately, we are unable to make deliveries, so if residents have neighbours who unable to collect for themselves, this is an opportunity to help each other as we approach the season of goodwill."
bq. 
p. The rock salt will be available for collection between Monday 20<sup>th</sup> November and Friday 25<sup>th</sup> November from 9am to 3pm.

As the depot is a secure area, you will need to sign in at the gate reception so please ensure you have photo ID and proof of address with you when you arrive.

For further information, contact Garry Whitby (Richmond Highways Manager) on 020 8891 7023

<cite>&mdash; from a Richmond Council press release - 15 November 2017</cite>
