---
layout: post
title: "Electric boost for Richmond motorists"
permalink: /archives/2017/08/more-electric-car-charging-points.html
commentfile: 2017-08-19-more-electric-car-charging-points
category: news
date: 2017-08-19 07:53:00
excerpt: |
    Over 150 new electric vehicle charging points will be installed across Richmond to help fuel the growth of clean and green motoring, thanks to &pound;285,000 from the Government.

    Richmond upon Thames will receive the funding from the Government's Office for Low Emission Vehicles. The money is being distributed as part of the Mayor of London's investment programme, 'Go Ultra Low City.'  The scheme aims to make electric vehicles and easier and more practical option for Londoners.

---

Over 150 new electric vehicle charging points will be installed across Richmond to help fuel the growth of clean and green motoring, thanks to &pound;285,000 from the Government.

Richmond upon Thames will receive the funding from the Government's Office for Low Emission Vehicles. The money is being distributed as part of the Mayor of London's investment programme, 'Go Ultra Low City.'  The scheme aims to make electric vehicles and easier and more practical option for Londoners.

The new funding will provide residential charge points to assist those without access to off-street parking to make the switch from polluting vehicles to zero-emission vehicles.

Last year, Richmond Council launched a new Electric Vehicle Charging Strategy. It outlines the Council's commitment to provide a network of fast chargers in town centres and key destinations, and lamp column chargers in residential roads across the borough, for both businesses and residents.

Earlier this year the first lamp post charging points were installed in residential roads in Twickenham and Barnes.  Those with an electric vehicle can sign up for the scheme and buy a smart cable which automatically permits charging, while transmitting the information needed for membership and billing via a simple payment process. The location of each charge point will appear on commercial charge point maps as well as a dedicated app from the provider, Ubitricity.

The Council is also working to install nearly 70 fixed charging units later this year across 21 locations that are more suitable for motorists requiring a faster charge. And now, thanks to this funding from the Mayor of London, an additional 150 will be installed.

Cllr Peter Buckwell, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Highways, said:

bq.  "I am delighted that we have been successful in obtaining this grant from the Go Ultra Low City Scheme.
bq. 
bq. "This funding will enable us to install a further 150 lamp standard electric vehicle charging points across the Borough, thereby building a network of charging points for our residents.
bq. 
bq. "The funds are being managed by Transport for London (TfL) and it is a great endorsement by them in the ability of our borough to deliver projects to support future modes of transport".
bq. 
p. Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said:

bq.  "This substantial investment in electric charging points will make a real difference, making electric vehicles an easier and more practical option for Londoners across our city. We have a bold ambition to make London's transport system zero emission by 2050, and working with boroughs to roll out more charging infrastructure is a vital part of making this a reality.
bq. 
bq. "But we need to be more ambitious in tackling emissions at all levels of Government. That's why I'm calling on Ministers not only to introduce a fully-funded diesel scrappage fund to get polluting vehicles off our streets immediately, but they must also step up their investment in charging infrastructure to ensure every Londoner can look at moving to electric vehicles over the coming years."
bq. 
p. To find out more information, go to: "www.richmond.gov.uk/electric_vehicle_charging_points":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/electric_vehicle_charging_points

<cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release</cite>
