---
layout: post
title: "New fund for local community infrastructure projects"
permalink: /archives/2017/06/local-infrastructure-fund.html
commentfile: 2017-06-17-local-infrastructure-fund
category: news
date: 2017-06-17 17:35:44
excerpt: |
    Residents can now submit their proposals for new community projects as part of a new fund in Richmond upon Thames.

    The Village Planning Fund comes from the Community Infrastructure Levy, a tax collected by Richmond upon Thames Council and paid by developers. A portion of the total tax collected will fund local priority projects which address the impact development has on an area.

---

Residents can now submit their proposals for new community projects as part of a new fund in Richmond upon Thames.

The Village Planning Fund comes from the Community Infrastructure Levy, a tax collected by Richmond upon Thames Council and paid by developers. A portion of the total tax collected will fund local priority projects which address the impact development has on an area.

This money might be used for a variety of projects, including; green space improvements, resources and equipment for community use or community centre renovations.

Any local resident, business or community group, living or operating within the borough can bring forward a proposal for the Village Planning Fund.

Villages in the borough have been grouped into clusters, to recognise a wider areas where development may impact and to maximise the amount available to be spent locally. Each cluster has a Community Fund 'pot' collected from the developments that have taken place in each area.

The clusters are:

* Richmond and Kew
* Twickenham, St Margarets, East Twickenham, Whitton and Heathfield, Strawberry Hill
* Hampton, Hampton Hill, Hampton Wick, Teddington
* East Sheen, Mortlake and Barnes
* Ham and Petersham

All proposals should be for more than &pound;5,000 and must meet certain criteria, this includes:

# Addressing demand that development places on an area and be for community benefit.
# Considering village priorities and contributing to the Village Plans
# Must not have any ongoing revenue implications for the Council
# Should have endorsement from at least 2 Cllrs within the cluster area.

Any groups or individuals who have ideas for projects can find out more information online and see if their project is eligible.  Further information and support on the application process is also available from your local Community Links Officers and Richmond Council for Voluntary Services (RCVS).

Following the application process, viable applications will be subject to a public 'vote' to determine support for the projects.

Cllr Pamela Fleming, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Environment and Planning, said:

bq.  "This is an exciting opportunity for our communities to shape improvements in their area to meet the needs of local people.

"Village Planning has given everyone a chance to identify priorities for their area and we have seen how passionate people are about where they live and work. They have a strong vision for the future of their community. This fund will help make some of the community ideas and initiatives a reality".

"The new Village Planning Fund will complement the successful Civic Pride programme, where over 100 local groups and organisations have benefited from small grants to help with towards their projects.

"I hope community organisations and local groups will get involved and work with Council officers and local ward councillors to bring forward strong project proposals for funding.

p. For more details on how to apply and the criteria contact your local Community Links Officer: "allinone@richmond.gov.uk":mailto:allinone@richmond.gov.uk and visit the website: "www.richmond.gov.uk/village_planning_fund":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/village_planning_fund

<cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release</cite>
