---
layout: post
title: "High Street Conference - 25 September 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/09/event-high-street-conference.html
commentfile: 2017-09-16-event-high-street-conference
category: around_town
date: 2017-09-16 07:50:26
excerpt: |
    The event, at Richmond Adult Community College on the 25 September, has been organised by SaveTheHighStreet.org. -- a national campaigning organisation coordinating and industry-wide movement to promote a better connected, digitally enabled and more sustainable high street. It aims to bring together local retailers, councils and business improvement districts to look at how they can adapt in a digital world.
---
_Google and Facebook to present at local high-tech business conference_

Local, independent retail businesses are invited to find out how they can become better connected and digitally enabled at the very first 'High Street Leaders' Conference later this month.

The event, at Richmond Adult Community College on the 25 September, has been organised by SaveTheHighStreet.org. - a national campaigning organisation coordinating and industry-wide movement to promote a better connected, digitally enabled and more sustainable high street. It aims to bring together local retailers, councils and business improvement districts to look at how they can adapt in a digital world.

The event will include presentations from global companies Google and Facebook. They will be sharing firsthand insights into the future of the high street.

Cllr Pamela Fleming, Cabinet Member for Environment, Business and Community said:

bq.  "The Council is committed to supporting local business owners to thrive in a digital world and we're delighted that SaveTheHighStreet.org is working with us to host this seminal event in Richmond.
bq. 
bq. "The conference gives our business owners a great opportunity to learn from the best digital companies in the world including Google and Facebook and I urge them to take advantage of the opportunity.
bq. 
bq. "There will also be a chance to participate in a range of workshops, including a focus on the first ever retailer-led 'High Street Industry Standards."
bq. 
bq. 
bq. Cllr Gareth Elliot, Cabinet Member for Digital and Technology said:
bq. 
bq. 
bq. bq. "Whilst the digital age undoubtedly presents challenges to the high street, it also presents big opportunities for advancement and growth for business owners - so I encourage business owners to register quickly as I'm sure the event will be popular."
bq. 
p. Business owners wishing to register for the event visit can do so "online":https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/high-street-conference-join-us-for-free-tickets-36437348089?utm_term=eventurl_text.
