---
layout: post
title: "Free marketing seminar for small businesses - 9 November 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/11/event-marketing-seminar.html
commentfile: 2017-11-06-event-marketing-seminar
category: around_town
date: 2017-11-06 19:44:02
excerpt: |
    A one-off opportunity to get a world class expert, Steve Hackney's advice on what works in marketing, and what doesn't.  Free to St Margarets businesses, the seminar will be will be held at the Holiday Inn, Shepperton on Thursday 9<sup>th</sup> November, 8-11 am.

---

*Calling all Small Business Owners in St Margarets*

_Core Asset Coaching together with Richmond Rugby Club Presents_

A one-off opportunity to get a world class expert, Steve Hackney's advice on what works in marketing, and what doesn't.  Free to St Margarets businesses, the seminar will be will be held at the Holiday Inn, Shepperton on Thursday 9<sup>th</sup> November, 8-11 am.

To reserve your seat visit
"www.themarketingdna.com/shepperton":https://www.themarketingdna.com/shepperton


bq. "In my experience, when you combine multiple high performance tactics, as Steve has done here, that's when you start to see positive changes in whatever you're doing."

<cite>Sir Clive Woodward</cite>

Steve Hackney, celebrated author, international speaker and one of the world's leading authorities on business growth and marketing is coming to town to run his landmark seminar. This is a golden opportunity to work on your business, not just in your business.

If you're frustrated with your growth or your marketing doesn't work as well as you'd like it to, or you're spending way too much on generating leads or enquiries, then in all likelihood your tactics and strategies are missing the Marketing DNA. In fact, 96% of all marketing created by or for small businesses, doesn't include the Marketing DNA.

It's simple... once you know exactly what the Marketing DNA is and then apply it to all your existing and new marketing tactics and strategies... your results will explode! Thousands of tests that Steve has done have proven this beyond doubt.

And here's the added bonus... the Marketing DNA costs you zero to apply to your existing efforts but is guaranteed to dramatically and quickly, increase your sales and profits.

Normally Steve charges &pound;300, however, for this one-time-only event we've been able to secure his services, so you don't have to pay a single penny to attend (even the refreshments are free). Places are limited, so register now to avoid missing out.
