---
layout: post
title: "2017 Community award nominations"
permalink: /archives/2017/06/community-award-nominations.html
commentfile: 2017-06-17-community-award-nominations
category: news
date: 2017-06-17 18:25:27
excerpt: |

    Unsung local heroes who have gone the extra mile to change the lives of others will be honoured by Richmond Council. The nominations for Richmond's Community Awards are now open.

    If you know a hero - we want to hear about them! They may be a dedicated volunteer, a motivational coach or someone who has brought credit to the borough through outstanding achievement.

---

_Do you know a hero? We'd like to know them too_

Unsung local heroes who have gone the extra mile to change the lives of others will be honoured by Richmond Council. The nominations for Richmond's Community Awards are now open.

If you know a hero - we want to hear about them! They may be a dedicated volunteer, a motivational coach or someone who has brought credit to the borough through outstanding achievement.

Last year 49 winners were celebrated. They included unpaid carers, those who have represented the borough through sport, long serving volunteers at charities, young people who organise litter picking, Scout and Brownie leaders.

The deadline for nominations closes on 21 July 2017. The ceremony will be held at York House on 15 September 2017.

If you know someone who deserves recognition for what they do - nominate them now! The Community Awards aims to recognise individuals who:

* Have given outstanding service to the community over a number of years or in connection with an exceptional event or emergency
* Improved the quality of life for local people by providing services beyond what they are paid to do.
* Benefitted the community through community involvement or volunteering activities

The Council is particularly keen to hear about all those young people (under 18) who have shown extraordinary ability, courage, compassion or initiative. This could be:

* Caring for a friend or relative on a day-to-day basis
* Representing the borough at a regional or national level
* Initiating projects in or out of school for the benefit of the borough and its residents, and inspiring other young people to take part

Richmond Council's Cabinet Member for Community, Cllr Susan Chappell, said:

bq.  "There are so many unsung heroes across the borough who make a massive contribution to the lives of those within their local communities.  Last year we had scout and brownie leaders nominated, street cleaners, community fair organisers, home care workers, litter pickers - the list was very varied.
bq. 
bq. 
bq. "Our borough is packed with unsung heroes who give up their time to make the lives of those around them that bit better. We want to hear their stories and share your pride for the work they do with the rest of the community. Get nominating now so your hero doesn't miss out!"
bq. 
bq. 
p. To nominate online, visit "www.richmond.gov.uk/community_awards":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/community_awards.

You can find hard copies of the nomination form in Civic Centre or your local library.

<cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release</cite>
