---
layout: post
title: "Meeting: Heathrow expansion explained - 28 April 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/04/meeting-heathrow-expansion.html
commentfile: 2017-04-22-meeting-heathrow-expansion
category: around_town
date: 2017-04-22 08:38:21
excerpt: |

    The Teddington Action Group are hosting a public meeting to help inform people about the real impact of a bigger Heathrow on the 28 April from 7.30pm to 9.30pm at Worship Hall, Teddington Baptist Church, 17 Church Road, Teddington TW11 8PF.
---
Residents confused about the impact expanding Heathrow will have on the borough are invited to a public meeting to find out more.

Organised by The Teddington Action Group (TAG), they are hosting a public meeting to help inform people about the real impact of a bigger Heathrow. It is hoped that the meeting will help residents participate in the current consultation on the airport.

TAG is a group of residents passionate about keeping Teddington and surrounding areas a peaceful place to live. Their membership consists of residents concerned about the increase in flight noise in Teddington, Twickenham, Hampton and surrounding areas.

At the event will be a main panel of Tania Matthias MP, Lord True (Leader of Richmond Council), Paul McGuinness from TAG and Cllr Martin Elengorn (Opposition Spokesperson for Environment and Planning on Richmond Council).

The event will be on the 28<sup>th</sup> April from 19.30 to 21.30 at Worship Hall, Teddington Baptist Church, 17 Church Road, Teddington TW11 8PF.

Lord True, Leader of Richmond Council, said:

bq.  "The Government repeatedly ignores the facts that an expanded Heathrow would break the law on air quality, noise and pollution and have a disastrous impact on people's health and wellbeing. It is gravely mistaken if it thinks we're going to stand by and let that happen.
bq. 
bq. 
bq. "We believe that the current consultation doesn't reveal the full facts and is frankly a sham. This public meeting is one way that residents can find out the truth about a bigger Heathrow."
bq. 
bq. 
p. Jayne Chace from TAG, added:


bq. "Many of us who moved here were shocked into action after the 2014 trials of flight paths resulted in lower altitudes, increased noise and more night flights.  When Heathrow claimed that nothing changed, TAG formed to investigate the validity of Heathrow's denials. In collaboration with other communities, TAG has been confronting Heathrow to acknowledge the impact of changes in and concentration of flight paths and night flights, which would only get worse with 270,000 more flights per year if the airport expands."


Cllr Martin Elengorn, Opposition Spokesperson for Environment and Planning, said:


bq. "As well as its unacceptable local impacts on air quality and noise, airport expansion adds to carbon emissions, speeding up climate change and making our planet more hazardous for our children and grandchildren"


Richmond Council has long campaigned against the expansion of Heathrow. They have worked to highlight the serious health, noise, traffic and pollution impacts of the third runway plan.

The Government is currently carrying out a consultation on the future of the airport. Residents have until 25 May 2017 to respond. Residents can either use the online form available here, or pick up a feedback card from a local library.

For more information about the consultation, go to: "www.richmond.gov.uk/heathrow_consultations":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/heathrow_consultations

For more information about the Teddington Action Group, to:  "www.teddingtonactiongroup.com":http://www.teddingtonactiongroup.com
