---
layout: post
title: "Special screening of Frozen - 16 December 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/11/frozen-movie-charity.html
commentfile: 2017-11-18-frozen-movie-charity
category: around_town
date: 2017-11-18 09:41:13
excerpt: |
    Let those winter blues go and join Elsa, Anna and their friends in a sing-a-long screening of the award-winning, Disney hit Frozen in aid of the Mayor's charities.

---
Let those winter blues go and join Elsa, Anna and their friends in a sing-a-long screening of the award-winning, Disney hit Frozen in aid of the Mayor's charities.

Get your tickets and come along to the Twickenham Exchange as we venture back to Arendelle on Saturday 16<sup>th</sup> December at 11am. There'll be free glitter facing painting from 10am, and a raffle full of very special prizes!

So get your little one dressed up as their favourite character and join Anna's epic journey to find her sister Elsa and put an end to her icy spell.

Cllr Lisa Blakemore, Mayor of Richmond said:

bq.  "I am delighted to invite the princes' and princesses of Richmond to join me for this very special screening in support of a good cause.
bq. 
bq. "Frozen is the most popular Disney comedy-adventure to hit the big screen and is sure to be a big hit. So come along, sing out loud and join the fun!"
bq. 
p. Tickets are "on sale before the film":http://exchangetwickenham.co.uk/event/frozen-sing-along/. Proceeds go to Off the Record (Twickenham), Me, Too and Co and Cavernoma Alliance UK.

* Face painting available on a first come, first served basis.
