---
layout: post
title: "Art House preview - 8 June to 2 July 2017"
permalink: /archives/2017/05/event-art-house-preview.html
commentfile: 2017-05-20-event-art-house-preview
category: around_town
date: 2017-05-20 08:37:19
excerpt: |
    In the run up to the festival, this year's participating artists will be exhibiting their work at an Art House Group Exhibition from the 8 June - 2 July in the Stables Gallery, Orleans House Gallery.
---

Residents can get a sneak preview of this year's ARTHouse Open Studios festival, with a preview exhibition at Orleans House Gallery.

ARThouse Open Studios 2017 promises to be bigger and better than ever with hundreds of local artists applying to take part! The festival will see more than 60 artists open their doors to the public, celebrating the work they make and joining together to showcase the creative community within the borough.

The festival features a diverse range of artists, artist groups and venues. It showcases artwork ranging from printmaking to portraiture, wood sculpture to mosaics, nail art to bag making, ceramics, jewellery, stained-glass windows and photography.

In the run up to the festival, this year's participating artists will be exhibiting their work at an Art House Group Exhibition from the 8 June - 2 July in the Stables Gallery, Orleans House Gallery.

Then, if anything take's your fancy, attendees can further explore over the two open studio weekends between 23-25 June and 30 June - 1 July.

Ishbel Murray, Richmond Council Assistant Director for Contracts and Leisure, said:

bq.  "The festival is the best opportunity to see the extraordinary variety of artwork produced in the borough; with the added incentive of seeing it in the space it was created. Professional artists, budding enthusiasts and school children are all contributing, so there will be something for everyone."
bq. 
"Since it was launched, the festival has grown into one of the biggest and most popular in London, which is a credit to the creativity and hard work of our arts team. I hope as many people as possible attend."


p. For more information about ArtHouse, go to:  "www.arthouseopenstudios.co.uk":http://www.arthouseopenstudios.co.uk
