---
layout: post
title: "Changes at Twickenham Station"
permalink: /archives/2017/08/twickenham-station-changes.html
commentfile: 2017-08-26-twickenham-station-changes
category: news
date: 2017-08-26 11:32:42
excerpt: |
    From 25 August, the station entrance has moved. Access to trains, ticket machines and other services will be via a temporary construction next to platform three (near the car park).

    In addition, near the temporary station entrance there will be one Blue Badge holders bay, one 'Kiss &amp; Ride' bay as well as two spaces for taxi set down and pick-ups. Replacement cycle parking facilities are also being provided.

---

From 25 August, the station entrance has moved. Access to trains, ticket machines and other services will be via a temporary construction next to platform three (near the car park).

In addition, near the temporary station entrance there will be one Blue Badge holders bay, one 'Kiss &amp; Ride' bay as well as two spaces for taxi set down and pick-ups. Replacement cycle parking facilities are also being provided.

The Bus Stop directly outside the Station (Bus Stop C) will also be closed until May 2019, with the nearest alternative leaving from Bus Stop A - outside the Travel Lodge and Regal House.

Extra station staff will be available when the entrance moves to assist passengers.

The current station is set to be demolished to make way for a modern, accessible station as well as new homes and retail units around a new station plaza plus improved parking and secure bicycle spaces. A riverside walk beside the River Crane is also being developed. This will be in association with the new pathway provided by the new Brewery Wharf development and will extend this walkway beyond the station and towards Twickenham Stoop and the new Richmond Education and Enterprise Campus.

The temporary ticket office will be in place until Spring 2019.

Cllr Peter Buckwell, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Highways and Transport, said:

bq.  "We have always said that Twickenham Station in its current form is not fit for purpose and is in desperate need of heavy investment.
bq. 
bq. "I am pleased that this work is now well underway. And, with the move of the station entrance - work on the podium can commence.
bq. 
"I would like to thank all the residents who live in the surrounding area for their ongoing support during the development. We know that there are times where there is noise and disruption. We have been working hard to liaise with Network Rail and South West Trains on their behalf to ensure that they are kept informed of the works and the impact on their households is kept to a minimum."


p. Vicky Western, Development Manager at Solum, added:

bq.  "Good progress has been made to date and we will soon start the main phase of construction. The new station will open in spring 2019 and deliver the new modern facilities the traveling public rightly expect from Twickenham.
bq. 
bq. "Solum would like to thank residents and commuters for their patience and understanding to date as we try and deliver this important project with as little disruption as possible for both neighbours and the travelling public."
bq. 
p. For more information on the development or to sign up to receive information, go to: "www.twickenhamforward.com":http://www.twickenhamforward.com Or use "community@twickenhamforward.com":mailto:community@twickenhamforward.com to contact the Independent Community Liaison Officer.

<cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release - 21 August 2017</cite>
