---
layout: post
title: "Dive in - last places available for swim school"
permalink: /archives/2017/08/swimming-lessons-teddington-pools.html
commentfile: 2017-08-31-swimming-lessons-teddington-pools
category: around_town
date: 2017-08-31 18:47:14
excerpt: |
    There are still a few places available at the Autumn Feel Good Swim School at Teddington Pools and Fitness Centre.

    Whether you are looking for a 'baby swim' lesson or you are an adult who never quite learned how to do breast stroke or front crawl - there is a class for you.
---
There are still a few places available at the Autumn Feel Good Swim School at Teddington Pools and Fitness Centre.

Whether you are looking for a 'baby swim' lesson or you are an adult who never quite learned how to do breast stroke or front crawl - there is a class for you.

The programme begins on 11 September and runs through until 17 December. There are courses for pre-school, juniors and adults and each course is targeted at a different ability - be it beginners, improvers or advanced - there is something for everyone.

Cllr David Linnette, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Sports, said:

bq.  "It is never too late to learn how to swim. Swimming is not just about getting fit - but it is also a way of building confidence, it is essential for safety and it is a skill you will keep for the rest of your life.
bq. 
bq. "Our expert instructors are able to help children from six months to adulthood across all abilities.
bq. 
bq. "I encourage any parent looking for swimming lessons for their child or for themselves to consider signing up to our Feel Good Swim School now."
bq. 
p. For more information, go to: "www.richmond.gov.uk/feel_good_swim_school":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/feel_good_swim_school

<cite>&mdash; from a Richmond Council press release - 31 August 2017</cite>
