---
layout: post
title: "Take at Christmas Eve dip Pools on the Park"
permalink: /archives/2017/11/event-christmas-eve-swim.html
commentfile: 2017-11-09-event-christmas-eve-swim
category: around_town
date: 2017-11-09 20:47:11
excerpt: |
    The weather outside might be frightful but Pools on the Park has a delightful package of swim sessions to kick-off festivities this Christmas Eve.

    If you're keen on a mid-winter swim come along to one of the sessions at Pools on the Park on Sunday 24<sup>th</sup> December - from 8am to 10am, 10am to 12 noon or 12 noon to 1.45pm.


---

The weather outside might be frightful but Pools on the Park has a delightful package of swim sessions to kick-off festivities this Christmas Eve.

If you're keen on a mid-winter swim come along to one of the sessions at Pools on the Park on Sunday 24<sup>th</sup> December - from 8am to 10am, 10am to 12 noon or 12 noon to 1.45pm.

The heated outdoor pool will be open and the caf&#233; will be serving food and hot drinks throughout the day.

Cllr David Linnette, Cabinet member for Culture, Sport and the Voluntary Sector said:

bq.  "This is a great way for families to come together and begin their Christmas festivities. You'll be able to enjoy a swim in the heated pool, and have some food and hot drinks at the caf&#233;.
bq. 
bq. 
bq. "I'm sure the swim will be popular amongst our local families and places are limited, so if you're interested please call or visit Pools on the Park and book now!"
bq. 
p. To book call Pools on the Park 020-3772-2999 or visit the reception at Old Deer Park. Normal swim charges apply.
