---
layout: post
title: "Have your say on Heathrow night flight plan"
permalink: /archives/2017/02/heathrow-night-flight-vote.html
commentfile: 2017-02-08-heathrow-night-flight-vote
category: news
date: 2017-02-08 21:46:31
excerpt: |
    Residents' are encouraged to have their say in a Government consultation on night flights from Heathrow Airport before the deadline on the 28 February 2017

---

Residents' are encouraged to have their say in a Government consultation on night flights from Heathrow Airport before the deadline on the 28 February 2017.

The current regime for night flight restrictions is due to expire in October 2017.  Therefore, earlier this year the Government launched the consultation on proposals that they claim will 'help encourage the use of quieter aircraft' at Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted. However, plans do not propose any changes that actually will result in a change to the number of flights allowed between 11.30pm and 6am from the West London airport.

It is proposed that the new regime would be in place for five years and links any future reduction in night flights to the delivery of a third runway at Heathrow Measures out for consultation include:

* No overall change in the number of flights allowed between 11.30pm and 6am at Heathrow.
* Changes to the "noise quota" regime which the Government says will encourage the use of new quieter aircraft.

The survey was launched to coincide with the Government consultation launched last wek on the expansion of Heathrow Airport.

On the 13 February, a cross-party Council Committee on Heathrow, will review the council's draft response to the consultation to ensure that it reflects the impacts these flights have on residents.

Lord True, Leader of Richmond Council, said:

bq.  "Put plain and simply, this is a consultation proposing virtually nothing! They are trying to con us into thinking they are addressing a key objection - when they are not. Night flights over our Capital are unnecessary and unacceptable.
bq. 
"This consultation ignores World Health Organisation guidance - which already states that Heathrow steps over the line when it comes to night noise. The fact is - once you are awake, you're awake.

"There are now only three weeks left for people to have their say - I encourage people to go online and make it clear to the Government - enough is enough. If you stay silent now, this nightmare will go on."

p. To have your say before 28 February 2017, go to: "www.gov.uk/government/consultations/night-flight-restrictions-at-gatwick-heathrow-and-stansted":https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/night-flight-restrictions-at-gatwick-heathrow-and-stansted
