---
layout: post
title: "Secondary School Open Events 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/08/secondary_school_open_events_2011.html
commentfile: 2011-08-26-secondary_school_open_events_2011
category: news
date: 2011-08-26 15:19:31

---

It is that time of year again... time to start thinking about secondary schools if you have a nine-eleven year old.

Here is a list of all the Open events at local authority secondary and private schools around the borough.

If we have missed any out, please contact us at "content@stmargarets.london":mailto:content@stmargarets.london.


h3. "Richmond Park Academy":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260957

* Open Evening: Monday 26 September 6.15 to 8.30pm
* Open Mornings: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning 9.15 to 11.00am from 13 September until 20 October.

Visits to the school outside these times can be arranged by telephoning the school.

h3. "Twickenham Academy":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260941

* Open Evening: Tuesday 27 September 6.30 to 8.30pm
* Open Mornings: Tuesday and Thursday mornings starting 4 October through to 20 October 9.15 to 10.15am.

Visits to the school can be arranged by telephoning the school.

h3. "Teddington School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260948

* Open Evening: Wednesday 28 September 7.00 to 9.00pm
* Open Mornings: Tuesday 4 and Thursday 6 October.

h3. "Hampton Academy":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260852

* Open Evening: Thursday 29 September 7.00 to 9.00pm
* Open Mornings: Monday 3 and Tuesday 4 October, 9.15 to 10.45am.

Visits to the college can be arranged by telephoning Mrs Mary Aston on 020 8783 4288

h3. "Hampton School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108131004

* Open Day: Saturday 17 September 2011 10.00 am to 1.00 pm
* Open Afternoons: see "www.hamptonschool.org.uk/Prospective-Parents/Admissions/Open-Events.aspx":http://www.hamptonschool.org.uk/Prospective-Parents/Admissions/Open-Events.aspx

Visitors' Afternoons begin at 2.30 pm with a presentation from the Headmaster and other senior staff.  This is followed by a tour of the School in small groups and the afternoon ends with questions and refreshments.

Places on Visitors Afternoons are by prior reservation only. Please telephone Mrs Katherine Shaw, the Events Co-ordinator, on 020 8783 4026 to reserve a place.

h3. "Kingston Grammar School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260901

* Open Evening: Thursday 22 September 6.30 pm - 9.00 pm
* Open Mornings: Saturday 24 September 10.00 am - 12.30 pm

An opportunity to meet Senior Staff and tour the school during a working day. Booking is essential as places are limited - please ring Susi Blunstone on 020 8546 5875 to book a place. Dates available in March and May.

h3. "Lady Eleanor Holles School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260826

* Open Afternoons
** Tuesday 13<sup>th</sup> September
** Friday 23<sup>rd</sup> September
** Monday 3<sup>rd</sup> October
** Tuesday 11<sup>th</sup> October
** Friday 14<sup>th</sup> October

All these events start at 1.15 pm and should be finished by 3.30 pm, and further dates will be published later in the term.

h3. "Orleans Park School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/200511110333

* Open Evening: Monday 3 October 6.30 to 9.00pm
* Open Mornings: Monday 10 and Tuesday 11 October
Headteacher's address at 9.00am followed by tours of the school until 10.30am.

Tours on a normal working day can be arranged by telephoning the school.

h3. "Waldegrave School for Girls":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108260933

* Open Evening: Tuesday 4 October 6.30 to 8.30pm
* Open Mornings: Wednesday 5 October 9.00 to 10.00am.
Tours from the main entrance from 9.00am. Tours to finish by 10.00am. The headteacher will speak at 10.00am.

Visits during a normal working day can be arranged by telephoning the school.

h3. "Grey Court School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108261002

* Open Evening: Wednesday 5 October 6.30 to 9.00pm
* Open Mornings: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning starting from 6 October until 20 October, at 9.15 and 11.15am

Visits to the school can be arranged by telephoning Mrs Kathy Welton on 020 8439 8827 or ext. 306.

h3. "Christ's School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108261015

* Open Evening: Thursday 6 October 6.30 to 9.00pm

We have an open door policy and welcome prospective parents at any time during the working day. Visits can be arranged by telephoning the school.

h3. "Gumley House Convent School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108291155

* Open Morning: Tuesday 27 September 9.00am to 12.00pm
* Open Day: Thursday 6 October 9.00am to 12.00pm
 and then 5.00 to 8.00pm

h3. "St Catherine's School":http://stmargarets.london/directory/school/201108291209

* Open Evening: Thursday 13 October 2011 6.30pm
* Open Morning: Wednesday 23 November 2011 2.00pm

If you would like to reserve a place on one of the above dates, please telephone the Admissions Secretary, Angelita Faulkner on 0203 261 0139 or "admissions@stcatherineschool.co.uk":mailto:admissions@stcatherineschool.co.uk




