---
layout: post
title: "Police Warning to Women After Three Attacks"
permalink: /archives/2011/07/police_warning_to_women_after_three_attacks.html
commentfile: 2011-07-06-police_warning_to_women_after_three_attacks
category: news
date: 2011-07-06 11:48:48

---

_Police urge residents to be vigilant as they investigate incidents of a man grabbing women._

Police are urging residents to be vigilant after two women reported being grabbed by a man and a third reported that a man attempted to grab her. Additional police officers have been drafted in to patrol the borough, as the incidents are investigated.

The three incidents happened at various times on Saturday 4 June, Saturday 18 June and Sunday 19 June 2011. They happened near the river in Twickenham, Kew and Barnes.

In the first two incidents a man grabbed the victims from behind. Both were able to free themselves and run off.

In the third incident, a man jumped out from a bush and tried but failed to grab a woman who was wearing headphones while jogging.

The man is described as being white, aged between 25 and 35, around 6ft tall, with short hair.


DI John Freeman of Richmond upon Thames CID said, "We are asking residents − particularly women − to be very vigilant when out. Be aware of your surroundings and who is around you. It's advisable to do this in any case but these incidents are an extra reminder to show caution.

Residents should be reassured that we are taking these incidents very seriously and doing our utmost to find the man responsible.

We are pursuing several lines of investigation including carrying out a forensic analysis of items touched by the man during the incidents.

We have drafted in additional uniform and plainclothes officers to patrol the areas, particularly the areas immediately surrounding the river, and the Safer Neighbourhoods Teams have been tasked to pay particular attention to the areas surrounding the river when patrolling.

If you are approached by someone who you are suspicious of, do not engage them in any way. Quickly move to a safe place, somewhere where there are other people around, and call the police."

For emergencies, call 999. For non-emergencies call 0300 123 1212.

Anyone with information relating to the incidents described should call Richmond upon Thames CID on 020 8247 7032.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
