---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Eco Teams Training Session - 16 February 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/02/event_reminder_eco_teams_training_session_16_febru.html
commentfile: 2011-02-10-event_reminder_eco_teams_training_session_16_febru
category: around_town
date: 2011-02-10 21:04:22

---

On 16<sup>th</sup> February from 6 to 8pm at the Twickenham Library.

Are you interested in being 'greener', as well as saving money but having trouble knowing where to start?

Would you be keen to find out more about an exciting, free 6 month scheme with fellow residents in a friendly environment?

Richmond Environment Network will be hosting a free Eco Teams training event on Wednesday 16<sup>th</sup> February at Twickenham Library. The session will be two hours in length, providing you with all the tools and information you need to get involved with an Eco Team. An Eco Team will progress for a period of 6 months focusing on themes such as energy, water and waste.

Since 2000, more than 4,000 UK households have taken part in Eco Teams, and in this time they have on average:

* Spent &pound;170 less on yearly household bills
* Used 21% less energy
* Lowered their carbon emissions by 17%
* Cut waste by 20%

This session will be ideal for residents of Richmond-upon-Thames who are interested in finding out more information, or getting involved with an Eco Team. Being part of an Eco Team is a great opportunity to save money as well as helping the environment. It also enables you the opportunity to socialise and network with fellow residents and neighbours in a friendly atmosphere.

If you have any questions or wish to book a place at the event free of charge contact either Alex King or Vincent Matthews on: 020 8892 0590. Or you can email: "info@richenvironmentnet.org.uk":mailto:info@richenvironmentnet.org.uk

_Refreshments will be provided._






