---
layout: post
title: "Film Camps for Kids at Twickenham Film Studios"
permalink: /archives/2011/01/film_camps_for_kids_at_twickenham_film_studios.html
commentfile: 2011-01-26-film_camps_for_kids_at_twickenham_film_studios
category: around_town
date: 2011-01-26 22:30:30
excerpt: |
    _Camps run over Easter (11-15 April) and eight weeks over the summer (see Details below)._
    
    Students who enroll for our one week course will receive all the fundamental instruction they need to get to grips with completing a short film. Classes run from 9.00am - 2.00pm at Twickenham Film Studios, but also include additional instruction at other locations such as ITV London Studios, Pinewood, Shepperton etc. Here students will learn how a live studio operates and have the opportunity to visit the studio sets of programmes being shot at that time.

---

_Camps run over Easter (11-15 April) and eight weeks over the summer (see Details below)._

Students who enroll for our one week course will receive all the fundamental instruction they need to get to grips with completing a short film. Classes run from 9.00am - 2.00pm at Twickenham Film Studios, but also include additional instruction at other locations such as ITV London Studios, Pinewood, Shepperton etc. Here students will learn how a live studio operates and have the opportunity to visit the studio sets of programmes being shot at that time.

Guest speakers who have achieved enormous success in the film and television industries will visit the Camp and students will have the opportunity to learn from their achievements.

They will complete a number of practical projects to test the new skills they have acquired. These skills include:

* Production planning
* Storyboarding
* Directing
* Presenting
* Lighting
* Sound
* Script writing
* Set/props/special effects
* Students shoot on digital video cameras and play each of the working roles on a short TV film production.

h4. Details

* *2011 Easter Film Camp*
** April 11<sup>th</sup> -15<sup>th</sup> only
* *2011 Film and TV Summer Camp* - _8 weeks -- booking now_ 
** July 11 to 15<sup>th</sup>, 18 to 22<sup>nd</sup>, 25 to 29<sup>th</sup> -- August 1 to 5<sup>th</sup>, 8 to 12<sup>th</sup>, 15 to 19<sup>th</sup>, 22 to 26<sup>th</sup> and 29 to September 2nd
* Enquiries: please call Dreamcatcher Media on 020 8607 0846 or 020 86078888 or email "breda@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":mailto:breda@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk.
* You can find out more information about Dreamcatcher Media training programmes at "www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":http://www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk




