---
layout: post
title: "Twickenham Plant Fair this Saturday, 2 April 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/03/twickenham_plant_fair_this_saturday_2nd_april_2011.html
commentfile: 2011-03-31-twickenham_plant_fair_this_saturday_2nd_april_2011
category: around_town
date: 2011-03-31 17:51:06

---

<em>At the Twickenham Farmers' Market from "10am-2pm in Holly Road Car Park":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/fair/200705142756</em>

This should be a perfect opportunity to get your garden or window-box started for the new growing season, as around 10 specialist nurseries will be bringing along produce they have grown themselves. There will be a lot of familiar faces from plant fairs in Islington in the past, as well as some nurseries who are new to selling in London.


Some of the stalls attending include:

* *Test Valley Nursery- Hampshire*
George and Julia Benn of Test Valley Nursery specialise in less common and new hardy perennial plants along with the more traditional cottage garden varieties. Plants are left outside over winter to ensure hardiness, so you can be sure that you'll have plants which can withstand any conditions, particularly after the winter we've had! "www.testvalleynursery.co.uk":http://www.testvalleynursery.co.uk
* *Rose Cottage Plants- Essex*
RHS medal winners, Rose Cottage Plants specialise in growing hardy bulbs and perennials at their farm nursery near Epping Forest.  Their spring collection includes hard-to-find varieties of narcissus, tulips, fritillarias and hyacinths, as well as shade-loving pulmonarias, brunneras and other early-flowering 'treasures' - all field grown to ensure hardiness and reliability "www.edibleornamentals.co.uk":http://www.edibleornamentals.co.uk
* *The Culinary Herb Company*
Peter Sikora set up the Culinary Herb Company in 2008 and now provides Londoners with a huge range of herbs for every cooking taste. His stall is certainly one to 'browse by scent', and the perfect first stop for putting together a windowsill herbary! "www.culinaryherbco.co.uk":http://www.culinaryherbco.co.uk
* *Rosie's Garden Plants- Kent*
Jackie Aviolet (aka Rosie) grows a little bit of everything on her nursery near Maidstone. She has unusual-looking prickly cacti, colourful Spring bulbs and well over 30 different types of rose bush. Jackie is one of the plant fairs' real characters and is always happy to stop for a natter with customers.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
