---
layout: post
title: "Interview &#58; Kerrie Dorman of Yummy Mummy"
permalink: /archives/2005/12/interview_kerri.html
commentfile: 2005-12-14-interview_kerri
category: around_town
date: 2005-12-14 13:25:11

---

*What is your association with St Margarets and where did you go to school?*

bq. I live in St Margarets and have done for three years before that I was living in Richmond. I grew up in Nigeria and when the family came back my Dad lived in Kew so I have been in this area for a long time. I lived with my Mum and I went to school in Dorking and then to college in Farnham. I love St Margarets because it's so family orientated. My son Luke goes to Orleans Infant school and I love living here.

*Where did the idea for Yummy Mummy come from?*

bq. The idea for "Yummy Mummy":/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200509200800&action=getlisting came whilst I was pregnant with my first child, Luke. I couldn't find anywhere I could go to get a proper massage. After a certain point it becomes impossible to lie on your front and that gave me the idea for the pregnancy couches with holes in for 'bumps and boobs!' It was very difficult to explain what sort of couches I wanted and in the end we had to import them from the USA. Following on from that once I had had Luke came the idea for the crèche. I needed to get the necessities done with out having to book a babysitter. We are very aware though, and would like to get the message across that it's not just for mums, it's just that's what we specialise in. In fact we do have some Yummy Hubbies!

*What has the response been like?*

bq. The response has been great. We have our highs and lows like every business.  Of course the kids help because they love coming to the cr{`e}che. We love getting involved with all the local events, school fairs and street events St Margarets is such a great place to live and work.

*What is your special angle?*

bq. Our special angle of course is the pregnancy care with our amazing couches and then the cr{`e}che.

*What is your connection with Yummy Tots?*

bq. Lucy my business partner runs "Yummy Tots":/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200510100538&action=getlisting. It is proving to be very popular and we are really pleased to be able to help recycle all the lovely clothes and children's equipment in St Margarets. For the past two months we have been offering children's hair cuts at a reasonable price and this is proving to be very popular with both mums and kids.  We will be doing these on Wednedays from 1.30pm to 4.30pm and charge from {-L}5 but you do need to book because they are very popular.

*Do you do any special offers?*

bq.. Our special offers are always changing, in fact we try and offer something different every month. At the moment our special offer is a Winter Warmer dermatologica facial for {-L}32 and we are offering 10% off the new La Stone Reflexology so why not give it a try.

We are really delighted to support the _St Margarets Community Website_ it is amazing that the residents and traders are all pulling together for our community. We are very happy to be sponsoring the prize of an express facial or a neck, back and shoulder massage if you sign up to receive the "St Margarets Community Website newsletter":/cgi-bin/newsletter.cgi before the next draw on the 15th of January [starting 16th December]. In addition if you mention the website when using Yummy Mummy we will give you a 10% reduction. Best wishes for a Happy Christmas and a Peaceful New Year from all of us at Yummy Mummy and Yummy Tots.


{% include comments.html %}
