---
layout: post
title: "Christmas Church Services"
permalink: /archives/2005/12/christmas_churc.html
category: around_town
date: 2005-12-23 07:05:44

---

Here is a list of church services for Christmas Eve and Christmas for some local churches.  If you know the schedule of others, please email us so we can post them at content@stmgrts.org.uk.  

<div class="box">

h4. "St Stephen's":/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200506080822&action=getlisting

Friday, 23rd December  _Christmas Carol Services_

h5. "Carols Around the Crib"

* 15.00 & 16.00 -- Under 5's nativity


Saturday, 24th December  _Christmas Eve Nativity_

h5. "Through the Wardrobe"

* 6.30pm -- Traditional Carols
* 23.00 -- Christmas Eve Communion


Sunday, 25th December  _Christmas Day Services_

h5. "Mark Christmas His Story"

* 9.15 & 11 --  Big Band in Concert -- Family Carols

</div>
<div class="box">

h4. "St Margarest of Scotland":/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200505180349&action=getlisting

Saturday, 24th December  _Christmas Eve_

* 10.00am -- Mass
* 5.00pm -- Children's Christmas Mass
* 11.30pm -- Readings and Carols leading into
* 12.00am -- Midnight Mass -- First Mass of Christmas


Sunday, 25th December  _Christmas Day Services_

* 8.30am -- Mass
* 10.30am -- Family Mass

</div>
<div class="box">

h4. "St Marys":/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200505180329&action=getlisting

Saturday, 24 December _Christmas Eve Services_

* 4.00 pm -- Crib Service
* 11.00 pm -- Midnight Mass

Sunday, 25 December _Christmas Day Services_

* 10.00 am -- Christmas Eucharist  (Hebrews 1.1-12, John1.1-14)

</div>





