---
layout: post
title: "Kid's Summer Activities"
permalink: /archives/2005/07/kids_summer_act.html
category: around_town
date: 2005-07-27 13:08:44

---

Are you looking for things to do with the kids this summer?  

From plays to sports to summer camps -- we have collected a long, long list of things to do.  Read on...

h3. Larks In The Parks - Festival Of Children's Theatre

The Richmond Council sponsors a series of plays for kids in parks across the borough.

<ul>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270649">Larks in the Park : The Legend of Perseus</a><br>Thursday, 28 July 2pm
<br></li>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270651">Larks in the Park : Treasure Island</a><br>Tuesday, 2 August 2pm
<br></li>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270652">Larks in the Park : Three Little Pigs</a><br>Thursday, 4 August 2pm
<br></li>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270655">Larks in the Park : The Lonely Giraffe</a><br>Tuesday, 9 August 2pm
<br></li>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270656">Larks in the Park : The Pied Piper</a><br>Thursday, 11 August 2pm
<br></li>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270657">Larks in the Park : Little Red Riding Hood and Friends</a><br>Tuesday, 16 August 2pm
<br></li>
<li><a href="/cgi-bin/events.cgi?action=getevent&amp;key=200507270658">Larks in the Park : Furry Tales</a><br>Thursday, 18 August 2pm
<br></li>
</ul>

Look "here":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200507270645&action=getlisting for a complete list.

*Details*

* Tickets are {-L}4 per person per child aged 2-12 years.
* Best to book in advance - tel 020 8831 6000.
* Tickets for events not sold out will be available at the relevant venue 30 mins before the even starts (subject to limited availability)




h3. Football Coaching

Structured classes to teach football and athletic skills run by Karl Budd (FA Qualified) (BSc Sport Science)

Venue : "Marble Hill Park":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200505180441&action=getlisting

Only one week remaining!!  :  29th August - 2nd September (4 days)
Each day from 10 am to 3 pm (with lunch break)

Cost:  {-L}100

*Details*

* Children should bring a packed lunch (no nuts),  plenty of water, wear football boots and shin pads and wear adequate sun protection.
* Meet in Marble Hill Car Park.
* Certificates on completion of course.
* For further info, call Karl on 0208 546 6158 or  07834 607918



h3. Kids Only - Summer Holiday Clubs

From 25th July - 26th August

Qualified Staff : Teaching sports, Games and activities for Children's fitness and well-being

Short Tennis: Hockey: Basketball: Longball: Water It's a Knock-outs: Softball:  Parachute: Pantomimes:
Football: Volleyball: Kwik Cricket: sports Days: Arts and Crafts.
Different themes and projects everyday.

*Details*

* 9am - 3pm  -  4-12 year olds
* Price  :  {-L}14.50 per day with discounts for families with two or more children and week bookings.
* Venue  :  Waldegrave School, Fifth Cross Road, Twickenham
* Call Lesley now 020 8677 1293    Mob 07913 785337



h3. The Garden Court  - Summer Holiday Tennis Programme

This summer the Garden Court offers a range of classes to suit all ages and abilities, mini tennis session's cover 3-10 year olds and regular full sized tennis for the more proficient junior.  the mini tennis sessions are colour-coded (red is the most basic level, orange the middles and green the most advanced) and once you know your current level, players can attend sessions with confidence and try to progress up the scale.  Equipment and court size are matched with children's ability and age.

*Details*

* Courses start from 11th July to 2nd September.
* Cost :  {-L}36 per four day course (1hr), {-L}68 per four day course (2hr)
* Venue:  The Garden Court, 31 Parkhouse Gardens, East Twickenham
* Contact : Sandra  07957 421 899



h3. Holiday Multi Sports Camps

Children aged between 8 and 14 years can take part in a range of multi sport camps that take place at five sites around the Borough.   Sports included are tennis, swimming, football, cricket, softball, tag, rugby, athletics, football and golf.  The emphasis of the camp is on fun, but all sports will include some element of coaching, with the exception of swimming which is purely a fun session.  All sports are suitable for both boys and girls.

h4. Old Deer Park, Pools on the Park, Twickenham Road, Richmond:   

* Tennis, Swimming and Football  -  Mon 25th July - Fri 29th July
* Tennis, Swimming and Cricket  -  Mon 8th Aug - Fri 12 Aug
* Tennis, Swimming and Softball  -  Mon 22 Aug - Fri 26th Aug


h4. "Moormead Recreation Ground":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200507050402&action=getlisting, Moormead Road,  St Margarets

* Tennis, Football and Athletics  -  Mon 8th Aug - Fri 12th Aug
* Tennis, Tag Rugby and Cricket  -  Mon 22 Aug - Fri 26 Aug

h4. Carlisle Park, Wensleydale Road, Hampton

* Tennis, Cricket and Athletics  -  Mon 1st Aug - Fri 5th Aug
* Tennis, Cricket and Football   -  Mon 15th Aug - Fri 19th Aug


h4. Cambridge Gardens, Clevedon Road, East Twickenham

10 am - 3pm.   2hours 15 mins of each sport   e.g  10-12.15 tennis, 12.15-12.45 lunch, 12.45-3.00 football.  The camps can take up to 24 children who will be split on an age basis into 2 groups of 12.  A minimum of 16 children are required for the camp to go ahead.

* Tennis and football  -  Mon 1st Aug - Fri 5th Aug
* Tennis and Tag Rugby  -  Mn 15th Aug - Fri 19th Aug

*Details*

* 10 am  -  3 pm      Each day you will have 1.5 hours of each sport   e.g.  10-11.30 tennis, 11.30-1 swimming, 1-1.30 lunch (supervised but not provided) and 1.30-3 softball.
* The camps can take up to 36 children who will be split on an age basis into 3 groups of 12.  A minimum of 24 children are required for the camp to go ahead.
* All camps cost {-L}75.00  or {-L}67.50 if you are a leisure card holder.
* For further information call the London Borough of Richmond Sports Development Team on 020 8831 6133.






h3. Holiday Tennis Camps

As above run by LB or Richmond Sports Development.  Tennis camps are aimed at juniors aged between 8 and 14.  Camps run for a week at a time throughout the holidays from 10am to 3pm each day

The day is filled with fun games, drills and fitness, with many great team games ensuring every player leaves the camp with many new skills and happy memories.  Places are limited to 12 players per coach.

h4. Old Deer Park, Pools on the Park, Twickenham Road, Richmond

* Mon 1st Aug- Fri 5th Aug
* Mon 15th Aug - Fri 19th Aug

h4. York House Gardens, Sion Road, Twickenham

* Mon 25th July - Fri 29th July
* Mon 8th Aug - Fri 12th Aug
* Mon 22nd Aug - Fri 26th Aug

h4. "Moormead Recreation Ground":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200507050402&action=getlisting, Moormead Road, St Margarets

* Mon 1st Aug - Fri 5th Aug
* Mon 15th Aug - Fri 19th Aug

h4. Carlisle Park, Wensleydale Road, Hampton

* Mon 8th Aug - Fri 12th Aug
* Mon 22nd Aug - Fri 26th Aug

*Details*

* Price  :  {-L}75.00  or {-L}67.50 for leisure card holders.


h3. Mini-tennis camps

The mini tennis camps are designed to cater for kids age 5-8 years.  The camps run from 10am - 12noon   or  2pm-4pm.
These camps are for those who want an introduction to tennis and to develop basic techniques and understanding of the game.
The camps will focus on co-ordination, movement, ball skills and team games in a fun learning environment.

h4. Carlisle Park

* Mon 25th July - Fri 29th July     10am - 12 noon
* Mon 25th July - Fri 29th July     2pm - 4pm

*Details*

* Price  {-L}50.00 or {-L}45.00 for leisure card holders.
* To book call the Sports Development Team on 020 8831 6133.



h3. Marble Hill Playcentres

h4. One O'clock Club  -  0-5 years

Bikes, painting, baby corner, sand pits, play houses, slides, table top toys, shop corner, singing lessons, home corner,  messy play, refreshments, puzzles, meet other parents/carers

*Details*

* Mon - Fri  1pm - 4pm
* {-L}2.50 per family
* Venue:  "Marble Hill Park":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200505180441&action=getlisting
* Tel: 020 8891 0641   /   020 8891 4930

h4. Adventure Playground -  5-15 years

Friendship bracelets, football, rope swings, quiz nights, table tennis, games, arts and crafts, cricket, aerial runway, play station, kingball, karaoke, scoubi dous, birds nest swing and much more!

*Details*

* Mon - Fri   11am - 6pm
* {-L}2.00 per child
* Venue:  "Marble Hill Park":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200505180441&action=getlisting
* Tel: 020 8891 0641   /   020 8891 4930



h3. Families Upon Thames

For more ideas  go to "www.familiesonline.co.uk/local/upon-thames":http://www.familiesonline.co.uk/local/upon-thames and look under the 'out and about' section for more great ideas for day trips, sports, cinema, theatre, museums, events and great fun  in and around London.
