---
layout: post
title: "Events This Holiday Season"
permalink: /archives/2006/12/events_this_hol.html
commentfile: 2006-12-06-events_this_hol
category: around_town
date: 2006-12-06 21:03:24
excerpt: |
    We have been searching high and low and have pulled together a few events to get everyone in the holiday mood.
    
    If you have any more to add, please email us all the relevant details[1] at: "content@stmgrts.org.uk":mailto:content@stmgrts.org.uk.
    
    fn1. For this, and in general, when you pass along an event for us to post, you really need to give us more than a one line email... in fact, I probably won't bother posting a one line event.
    

---

We have been searching high and low and have pulled together a few events to get everyone in the holiday mood.

If you have any more to add, please email us all the relevant details[1] at: "content@stmgrts.org.uk":mailto:content@stmgrts.org.uk.

fn1. For this, and in general, when you pass along an event for us to post, you really need to give us more than a one line email... in fact, I probably won't bother posting a one line event.


h4. The Crystal Grotto				

*2nd -- 24th December 2006*

Set in the magnificent surroundings of Painshill Park, kiddies can visit one of the most enchanting Christmas grottoes in town. With its frost-covered labyrinth of walking trails, scattered woodland and rolling green glades it looks like a scene from CS Lewis's Narnia.

The genuine crystal grotto is a unique place to visit Santa. The 18th century brick structure is a cavernous hollow of mystery. Your little Santa seekers will tramp along a winding lamp-lit trail to Grotto Island and the magical Wishing Tent, before an elf leads them into the Grotto proper. Here in the twinkling half light they will meet the man himself.

A really festive family occasion, staged in a magical setting, the Crystal Grotto captures the spirit of Christmas. All children booked to visit Father Christmas will receive a present and enjoy a festive activity in the Wishing Tent, if, of course, they have been good.

_Pre-booking is essential._

* Venue: Painshill Park
* Address: Cobham, KT11
* Phone: 01932 584 284
* Time: 11:00-19:30
* Price: &pound;6.75 (Adult), &pound;8 (Child)
* Nearest Station: Cobham Rail










h4. Kew Garden Events

*Father Christmas*
_9th, 10th and 16th -- 23rd December 2006_
12:00-15:30

*Reindeer*
_18th -- 23rd December 2006_
10:00-15:30

*Climbers and Creepers 'Planto'*
_9th, 10th and 16th -- 23rd December 2006_

*Festive Late Night Openings*
_15th and 16th December_
16:00-21:00

* Venue: Royal Botanic Gardens
* Address: Kew, Richmond, Surrey, TW9
* Phone: 020 8332 5655
* Time: 9:30-15:45 -- _apart from Festive Late Night Openings_
* Price: &pound;9.50 (Adult), Free (Child)











h4. Polar Express 3D @ BFI London IMAX

_4th November 2006 - 6th January 2007_

A disbelieving young lad has compiled a dossier detailing why he thinks Santa doesn't exist, but as this Doubting Thomas drifts off to sleep on Christmas Eve what should pull up outside his window? A sleigh replete with jingle bells, presents and a plump bearded fellow in red pyjamas? No, in fact, it's a flying steam train! Anyway, the eponymous Polar Express then whisks our male lead off to the North Pole to meet the man himself and learn about the true spirit of Christmas. Fortunately the cheese isn't laid on too thick, so the tale remains heart-warming rather than sickly.

This was the first-ever full length feature shown in the groundbreaking 3-D format. Directed by Robert Zemeckis - whose last dabble in animation created the wonderful 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit', and with a cast headed by Tom Hanks this story book adaptation is a slick production. Filmed using 'motion capture' - the technique that brought Gollum to life in Lord of the Rings - this visual spectacular is perfectly suited to IMAX enhancement.

* Venue: BFI London IMAX
* Address: 1 Charlie Chaplin Walk, SE1
* Phone: 0870 787 2525
* Date: 4th November 2006 -- 6th January 2007
* Time: Various
* Pricing: &pound;8.50 (Adult), &pound;5 (Child)
* Nearest Station: Waterloo Tube / Rail



h4. Osterley Park Stable Yard Carols

_3rd, 10th and 17th December 2006_

The yard of the Osterley Park's, still working, Tudor stables will be packed with good cheer for Sunday afternoons as guests gather together for a traditional carol service in the crisp December air. For an additional charge visitors can step inside the house itself to catch a glimpse of how Osterley Park would have prepared for Christmas in days gone by.

Built in the 16th century, the house was completely revamped by Scottish architect Robert Adam during the 18th century. The striking white pillar colonnade that fronts the house is just a taster, paving the way for the ensuing, fabulous, neo-classical state rooms. The house is set in 140 acres of gorgeous, verdant parkland complete with ornamental lakes and pleasure grounds. It's the perfect place to take a winter stroll and blow away all the cobwebs. Keep your eyes peeled for the ghost of a mysterious lady dressed in white, rumoured to haunt the grounds.

* Venue: Osterley Park
* Address: Osterley Park, Isleworth, Middlesex, TW7
* Phone: 020 8232 5050
* Time: 12:30-15:30 (carols at 14:00 and 15:00)
* Price: Carol Singing - free. Entry to house &pound;3.50 (Adults), &pound;1 (Children), Free (Members)
* Nearest Station: Osterley Tube





h4. Carols at Ham House

_10th, 16th and 17th December 2006_

Resting on the banks of the Thames in outlying Richmond, the Great Hall of this magnificent 17th century building will be the venue of a series of carol concerts.

The afternoon performances will be family-orientated fiestas with a visit from Santa and presents for the young ones, whereas the later concerts will be accompanied by more revelry, with mulled wine and mince pies on offer in the remarkable 17th century Orangery during the interval. Soak up the tones of Musica Divina directed by Simon Desbrulais, plus a number of orations and showcase pieces, as well as the carols to join in with.

* Venue: Ham House
* Address: Richmond-upon-Thames, TW1
* Phone: 020 8940 1950
* Time: Afternoon 16:00-17:30 |
* Evening 19:00-21:00
* Price: Afternoon - &pound;15 (Adults), &pound;9 (Children), Evening - &pound;22
* Nearest Station: Twickenham Rail







h4. Trafalgar Square Christmas Tree

_7th December 2006 - 6th January 2007_

For over half a century Trafalgar Square has been adorned with a majestic Christmas tree, an annual gift from the people of Oslo, thanking us for support and friendship during World War II. The tree - perhaps the most famous in the world - is an integral part of Christmas in London. The evergreen is always a prime specimen, a giant decorated only with authentic white lights.

 Singing groups and passers-by join around the tree every evening to sing carols and soak up the Christmas cheer (starts 11th December). On some evenings the angelic voices of the St. Martin-in-the-Fields choir lead the tune. This is a wonderful spot to capture the spirit of Christmas.

* Address: Trafalgar Square, Charing Cross, WC2
* Date: 7th December 2006 -- 6th January 2007
* Nearest Station: Charing Cross




h4. Southwark Frost Fair

_15th -- 17th December 2006_


The Frost Fair is back for its fourth year, bringing all its usual festive cheer to the South Bank.

The organisers are expecting in excess of 100,000 visitors - so it won't be the place to avoid the crowds. Nevertheless, it'll be packed to the gills with last minute-shopping opportunities and the prospect of whetting that Yuletide appetite a full week in advance (as if you hadn't started already!). The enormous hog roasts are irresistible. Warm yourself up with a piping cup of mulled wine served from behind the gleaming ice bar, one of many frozen sculptures adorning Bankside.

With carol singers, street entertainers and a concoction of musicians this event will no doubt get you in a jolly mood.

* Address: Bankside, SE1
* Phone: 020 7357 9168
* Nearest Station: Mansion House Tube



h3. Church Services

h4. "All Hallows Church":http://stmgrts.org.uk/directory/church/200506080815

* *Nine lessons and carols*
_Friday 22 December - 7.30 pm_
Afterwards mulled wine and mince pies
* *Eucharist with carols*
_Sunday 24 December - 10 am_
4 pm The Crib Service & 11.30 pm Midnight Mass
* *Christmas Day*
_Monday 25 December - 10 am_
Holy Communion
* *Feast of St Steven*
_Tuesday 26 December, 10 am_
Eucharist in the Chapel



h4. "All Souls Church":http://stmgrts.org.uk/directory/church/200506080805

* *Carols by Candlelight Service*
_Sunday 10th December 8pm_
A mix of traditional and contemporary carols accompanied by Bible readings telling the events of that first Christmas.
* *All-age Carols by Candlelight followed by Children's Party*
_Sunday 17th 10.30am_
For children and adults - a short service of carols, readings and fun. Followed by food and games for all ages.
* *Christmas Eve*
** *Morning Service*
_10.30am_
A shortened morning service with Christmas video for the children for the second part of the service.
** *Crib Service*
_4pm_
A short celebration round the crib for the young - with carols and a creative re-telling of the coming of Jesus.
** *Midnight Communion*
_11.30pm_
Traditional carols and communion - a reflective, but joyful service to take us into Christmas Day itself.
* *Christmas Day*
_10.30am - All-age Celebration_
Lasting around 45 minutes.



h4. "St Margaret of Scotland Catholic Church":http://stmgrts.org.uk/directory/church/200505180349

* *Saturday, December 23rd*
** 10.00am Mass
** 10.30am Confessions
** 6.30pm 1st Mass of Sunday
_Confessions after Mass on request._
* *Sunday, December 24th*
** _4th of Advent_ 
*** 8.30am Mass
*** 10.30am Mass
** _Christmas Eve_
*** 5.00pm Children's Christmas Mass
*** 11.30pm Readings and Carols leading into
*** Midnight First Mass of Christmas
* *Monday December 25th*
** _Christmas Day_
*** 8.30am Mass
*** 10.30am Mass
_There is no evening Mass today_
* *Tuesday December 26th*
** _St Stephen_
*** 10.00am Mass
 



h4. "St Mary Church, Twickenham":http://stmgrts.org.uk/directory/church/200505180329

* *Christingle Service*
_Sunday 10 December, 4.00pm_
* *Carols and Readings*
_Tuesday 12 December, 1.05pm_
* *Sunday School Play -- "The Christmas Creatures"*
_9.30am_
* *Parish Carol Service*
_Sunday 17 December, 6.00 pm_
* *Christmas Eve*
_Sunday 24 December_
** 4.00pm -- Crib Service
** 11.00pm -- Midnight Mass
* *Christmas Day*
_Monday 25 December, 10.00am_
Festival Eucharist with Carols



h4. "St Stephen's Church":http://stmgrts.org.uk/directory/church/200506080822

* *Simply Divine*
_Sunday, 10th December, 6pm & 8pm_
A contemporary carol service.
* *Don't Be Afraid*
_Sunday, 17th December, 6pm & 8pm_
A traditional carol service.
* *Carol Concert at the "Rising Sun":http://stmgrts.org.uk/directory/pub/200611051507*
_Thursday, 21st December_
* *The Innkeeper*
_Friday, 22nd December, 3.30pm & 5pm_
A service for under-5s and family.
* *Unwrapping Christmas Presence*
_Sunday, 24th December, 9.15am & 11am_
A service for families and children.
* *Light and Life to All He Brings*
_Sunday, 24th December, 11pm_
Christmas Eve candlelit Communion
* *What a Difference a Day Makes*
_Monday, 25th December, 9.15am & 11am_
Christmas day celebration for all ages








h3. Museums

And finally, some events at museums to keep everyone busy.


h4. National Portrait Gallery Family Event -- Festive Faces

_Sunday 10 December 2006 @ 14.00_

A festive workshop making Christmas decorations inspired by the Collection. Tickets are required and available on the day from the Information Desk. Suitable for all ages.

* Address: Trafalgar Square, Charing Cross, WC2
* Nearest Station: Charing Cross
* Admission: free
* Where: meet in Main Hall




h4. V&A Family Events

The Victoria and Albert Museum has lots of exciting events and activities for families every holiday and many weekends. Activities are free and most do not need to be booked, which means you can stay for as long or as short a time as you like.

* *Christmas Celebrations*
_Sunday 10 December 2006, 10.00-17.30, various locations_
Celebrate Christmas with a day of family events at the V&A. Join a gospel workshop and then perform to the public, listen to the Morley College Chamber Choir, watch an innovative series of tableaux performances based on the collections, create your own nativity scene or make Christmas decorations inspired by African designs.
* *Weekend Events - Object Handling*
_Some Saturdays and Sundays, 12.00, 14.00 and 15.30, Room 123 (sessions last 30 Minutes)_
Discover the British Galleries and enjoy touching and exploring objects used by the Victorians. Themes include Eating with Victorians, Victorian Photography and Victorian Pots and Potties.
* *Back-Packs Christmas 2006*
_Saturday 16 December 2006 - Sunday 7 January 2007, 10.30-17.00, except 23-26 December 2006 when the museum is closed. Also every Saturday 10.30-17.00._
Borrow a Back-Pack and explore the V&A. You can choose from five different packs: The Emperor's Party, Chinese Treasures, Metal Detector, Magic Glasses and Fancy Furnishings. Our award-winning Back-Packs are full of brilliant hands-on activities, including jigsaws, stories, puzzles, construction games and things to handle.
* *Mask Making*
_Wednesday 27 December 2006 - Monday 1 January 2007, 11.00-13.00 & 14.00-16.00, Lunchroom_
Decorate your own Italian carnival mask using a variety of exciting and festive materials, and take part in Renaissance carnival games. Families who make masks on the Saturday are invited to watch the cast of The Intention Drama Company performing Commedia dell'arte.
* *Musical Instrument Handling Session*
_Thursday 28 December and Friday 29 December 2006, 12.00,14.00, 15.30 Raphael, Room 48a_
Come along and meet our musicians as they introduce instruments of the Renaissance period, telling stories of people who lived during the Renaissance. Children will have the opportunity to handle some of the instruments. Sessions last 30 minutes.
* *Commedia dell'arte*
_Saturday 30 December 2006, 12.00,14.00, 16.00_
Meet the characters of the famous Commedia dell'arte, such as the clown Arlecchino, the cowardly Captain, the miserly Pantalone and the intelligent and beautiful Isabella. Watch as the actors become the different characters by changing their fabulous coloured masks. Presented by the Intention Dance Company. If you have been to our mask-making workshop, wear your mask to watch the performance and at the end try out some of the acting techniques. Sessions last 40 minutes.
* *Silent Knight*
_Monday 1 January - Wednesday 3 January 2007, 11.00, 14.00, 15.00, Raphael, Room 48a_
Come and hear tales of chivalry, handle pieces of Italian armour and watch a knight prepare for battle as he dons his armour, shield and sword. Sessions last 45 minutes.
* *Design a Miniature Home*
_Tuesday 2 January to Sunday 7 January 2007, 11.00-13.00 & 14.00-17.00, Raphael, Room 48a_
Be inspired by our At Home in Renaissance Italy exhibition and create your own Italian room. Make and decorate mini model Renaissance furniture out of card and add them to your room.
* *Victorian Pots and Potties*
_Sunday, 21 January 2007, 12.00, 14.00 and 15.30, British Galleries, Room 123_
Explore the many uses and types of pottery objects used by the Victorians during these hands-on sessions.  Sessions last 30 minutes.









h4. British Museum -- Crack the Codex

_Weekends from 25 November, daily 20-31 December 11.00-16.00_

Play your own version of Codex, Channel 4's brand new adventure game programme presented by Tony Robinson. Crack the code by taking our trail around Museum objects for your chance to win a prize.

* Where: Great Court
* Cost: Free, no pre-booking required









h4. National Gallery -- Holiday Workshops


Choose from two fun-filled practical art workshops led by contemporary artists:

* *Space Travel*
_Wednesday 27 - Saturday 30 December, 11am - 1pm & 2 - 4pm_
Journey through space and time to a secret world in this painting workshop with artist Matthew Burrows.
* *Pop Goes the Easel*
_Wednesday 27 - Saturday 30 December, 11am - 1pm & 2 - 4pm_
Join us to meet some amazing angels and create your own 3D pop-up art in this mixed-media workshop led by artist Mary Evans.

* Where: Meet in the Education Centre Foyer, Orange Street Entrance

Also check out Richmond Council's "listing of Christmas Events":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/press_office/tourism_and_local_events/christmas_in_richmond_upon_thames.htm.


h3. NEW!

h4. Petersham Nursery Carols

Every Thursday between now and Christmas Petersham Nurseries are open from 6 till 8pm . Featuring Carols, Baroque and Renaissance music. 

There is also a Christmas market serving mulled wine, roased chestnuts and hot chocolate.




{% include comments.html %}
