---
layout: post
title: "Confirmed &#58; The Spirit Group Drops Appeal"
permalink: /archives/2006/03/confirmed_the_s.html
category: news
date: 2006-03-15 21:27:00
excerpt: |
    It has been confirmed that _The Spirit Group_ have dropped their appeal against the Richmond Council’s recent licensing decision regarding trading hours at the _St Margarets Tavern_.

---

It has been confirmed that _The Spirit Group_ have dropped their appeal against the Richmond Council’s recent licensing decision regarding trading hours at the _St Margarets Tavern_.

From the General Manager of the St Margarets Tavern:

bq.. "The appeal in respect of _The St Margarets Tavern_ permitted opening times has been withdrawn by _The Spirit Group_ on the basis that they say 'they want to work with the residents rather than against them.' The local authority are claiming costs of &pound;400 which Spirit Group have agreed to pay.
 
My position is that I am delighted that the appeal has not gone ahead. I believe that the current permissions are reasonable and in the best interests of the community, the residents, the local traders, our staff, our customers and our business. I am glad to have helped to persuade The Spirit Group to finally withdraw from the appeal."

p. -- Oisin Rogers, General Manager, St Margarets Tavern

From the Richmond Council legal team:

bq.. "The St Margaret's Tavern officially withdrew their appeal today!

This means that the decision of the Licensing Sub-Committee will stand.  The Sub-Committee granted the following hours for the sale of alcohol, anything of a similar description and facilities for dancing: Sunday to Thursday -- 10:00 to 23:00; Friday and Saturday -- 10:00 to 00:00.  Live music was authorised between the hours of 10:00 and 23:00.  Recorded music is an automatic right upon conversion to the new licensing regime for existing justices licence holders."

p. -- Louisa Jeschke, Licensing and Litigation Lawyer, Richmond Council
