---
layout: post
title: "Marble Hill Gets Licence for Five Concerts per Year"
permalink: /archives/2006/06/marble_hill_get.html
category: news
date: 2006-06-13 19:56:13
excerpt: |
    On Monday, 5 June 2006, the Licensing Committee met and approved a Premises Licence for concerts at Marble Hill.  Councillor Denise Carr has generously provided the following is a write-up of the Committee's decision.

---

On Monday, 5 June 2006, the Licensing Committee met and approved a Premises Licence for concerts at Marble Hill.  Councillor Denise Carr has generously provided the following is a write-up of the Committee's decision.

On Monday, 5 June 2006, the Licensing Committee met and approved a Premises Licence for concerts at Marble Hill.  Councillor Denise Carr has generously provided the following is a write-up of the Committee's decision.

<div class="letter">
I am advised that a Premises Licence has been granted subject to a raft of conditions as covered in the report and including:

* 5 concerts per annum, rather than 6
* rehearsal time limited to 1 hour, rather than 90 minutes
* IMG noise consultant to liaise with the Council and agree limits as proposed
* a Concert Noise Complaint line, to be advertised in the press and by a local leaflet drop
* site to be cleared by 1am
* no percussive fireworks (whatever that means)
* formal consultation with the residents in Autumn after the concert season and in Spring prior to the new season.
* capacity 8,000 maximum as before.

The Licensing Sub-Committee accepted the Traffic Management Plan for on-site parking and did not feel able to make a condition or recommendation about extending the CPZ, so this is something the Council's Transport Planning section will have to pursue separately with IMG.
 
Similarly, issues to do with areas cordoned off and for how long, damage to the grass/park environment etc. were not considered relevant for licence conditions.  We will need to follow these up with EH through the 6 monthly meetings with the Marble Hill Society (we are also still waiting to see the Park Landscape Management Plan produced by Land Use Consultants following last year's consultation exercise, which is with EH for consideration.  A public meeting on this has been promised though.)
 
The full decision will probably be published next week.
 
I know that you will be disappointed that an open-ended premises licence had been granted.   As this leaves the specific Best wishes,
 
Denise
</div>

*Links*

* "Marble Hill Concert Licensing Application":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2006/05/marble_hill_con.html



