---
layout: post
title: "Richmond's New-Look Library"
permalink: /archives/2006/06/richmonds_newlo.html
category: news
date: 2006-06-23 09:35:14

---

Richmond's central library reopens on Monday 3rd July with a host of author readings, signings, talks and activities for all the family.  If you do not already use the fine Richmond and Twickenham Libraries, you should.

<div class="box">

h3. Amazing things have happened at Richmond's new-look library.

Richmond's central library re-opens on Monday 3rd July with a host of author readings, signings, talks and activities for all the family. We will also launch eAudiobooks, an exciting new online service. Miss it, miss out.

* *Mon 3rd July*
** 12pm - 2pm Let us take your lunchtime order at the Book Café. Try our tasty and nutritious new menu of the very best in books.
** 5pm - 6pm Rosen please! Join poet, broadcaster and children's author Michael Rosen for an evening of humorous stories and verse.
** 7pm - 8pm Acclaimed journalist Rageh Omaar reads from his powerful new book about growing up Muslim in Britain Only Half of Me.
* *Tues 4th July*
** 12.30pm - 1.30pm Are you following The Simple Rules of Love? No? Then join Amanda Brookfield for coffee and let her show you the true path as she reads from her latest novel.
** 7pm - 8pm Fed up with football? Seek solace with novelists Adele Parks and Louise Kean. Adele Parks will be Still Thinking of You, and Louise Kean will discuss Material Girl.
* *Wed 5th July*
** 12pm - 2pm Bored of last year's books? Then you need a reading makeover. Relax as our team of highly skilled book stylists create a brand New Book Look just for you.
** 5pm - 6pm Horrid Henry 10, Football Fiend 0. Francesca Simon scores a cracker as she reads from her new novel about the loveable little rogue.
** 7pm - 8pm Take a trip back in time to the mysterious underworld of Victorian London. Clare Clark reads from her atmospheric new novel The Great Stink.
* *Thurs 6th July*
** Watch and listen to your favourite authors at the touch of a button on our new virtual writer network and check out our book, video & DVD specials on the best movie books of all time.
** 7pm - 8pm From written word to silver screen. Tracy Chevalier tells how The Girl with the Pearl Earring was turned from bestseller into blockbuster.
* *Fri 7th July*
** 7pm - 10pm: Read date for a book mate bookish singles WLTM likewise for fun and lasting library membership. Book via www.speeddater.co.uk or telephone 0845 838 5600.
* *Sunday 9th July*
** 3pm If you go down to the green today, you're in for a big surprise... Join Ghislaine Walker at a storytelling picnic for all the family.
 
_And there's more to come..._

* Friday 14th July 7pm Tobias Hill 
* Thurs 20th July 7pm Howard Jacobson  
* Tues 25th July 7pm Lynne Truss
 
More information will be on our website, "www.richmond.gov.uk/libraries":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/libraries/ 

We will also be launching an exciting new online service...

h4. eAudiobooks:

* Download talking books direct to your home PC and MP3 player. The collection includes hundreds of best selling audio books, new titles will be added regularly, and you can listen to the entire book - all titles are unabridged.
 
All events will be held at Richmond Library, Little Green, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1QL. For more information: 020 8940 0981.

You should have been sent this e-mail because you selected the option to receive information about Library Services when you completed your library application form. If you would like to be removed from our distribution list, please reply to this e-mail with the word REMOVE.

London Borough of Richmond upon Thames Libraries
020 8940 0981
"promotions@richmond.gov.uk":mailto:promotions@richmond.gov.uk
"www.richmond.gov.uk/libraries":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/libraries/
</div>


<div class="comments">
  <h2>Comments</h2>
     <ul>
{% for 2006-06-23-richmonds_newlo in site.data.2006-06-23-richmonds_newlo %}
       <li>

         {{ 2006-06-23-richmonds_newlo.comment }}

         <cite>{{ 2006-06-23-richmonds_newlo.author }} on {{ 2006-06-23-richmonds_newlo.date }}</cite>
    
       </li>
{% endfor %}
    </ul>
</div><!-- end comments -->


