---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; North St Margarets Annual Fun Day"
permalink: /archives/2006/09/event_reminder_9.html
commentfile: 2006-09-09-event_reminder_9
category: around_town
date: 2006-09-09 08:26:18
excerpt: |
    Residents of St. Margaret's in Twickenham will be winding up the summer with a "full day of fun for local people of all ages":http://stmgrts.org.uk/event/Fair/200608310619, on Saturday September 9th.
    

---

Residents of St. Margaret's in Twickenham will be winding up the summer with a "full day of fun for local people of all ages":http://stmgrts.org.uk/event/Fair/200608310619, on Saturday September 9th.

Organised by the North St. Margaret's Residents' Association, local children will begin the day by marking the bounds of the area in the ancient "Beating the Bounds" ceremony.  Drinks and prizes for the best fancy dress will be on offer, as well as willow wands to "mark" the boundary.

During the afternoon all the local streets will be transformed into an open market, as local residents hold pavement and front garden stalls in the Grand Annual Street Sale. Only a short hop from the riverside and Richmond Lock footbridge, and with bargains ranging from home-made produce to toys, books and bric a brac, visitors are encouraged to come along and buy a bargain (bus H37).

There will be a children's "scratch band" performing in All Souls Church garden at 3.00 when all children up to 15 years old who can bang a drum, blow a whistle, or strum a guitar will play some impromptu music.  The day will be wound up with a residents' barbecue on the banks of the River Crane.

Laurence Mann, Secretary of the North St. Margaret's Residents' Association said, "Now in its 4th year, the Neighbourhood Fun Day looks like being the best ever! It's an easy way to meet up with neighbours and get to know each other, and above all to have fun!"





{% include comments.html %}
