---
layout: post
title: "Brooks Blues Bar Leaving the Turks Head"
permalink: /archives/2007/04/brooks_blues_bar_leaving_the_turks_head.html
category: news
date: 2007-04-25 19:36:46

---

After seven months, Brooks Blues Bar has decided to move from the Turks Head due to poor "low audience numbers".  Tomorrow night's show with _Open Harp Surgery_ is the last on the calendar.  Its a shame its is going, we went to two shows and both were excellent.

Here is a note from Tony Bell and Ann Rosenberg, owners of Brooks Blues Bar,

bq. "Sadly, tomorrow (with Open Harp Surgery booked) is the last of our weekly Thursday events at The Turks Head -- however we can assure everybody of a really good farewell party even if there are only a few of us there!

bq.. Brooks Blues Bar has had a most enjoyable seven months at the Turks Head with some of the best star blues artists in this country and also from the USA & The Continent. However regrettably due to low audience numbers Brooks Blues Bar can no longer continue subsidising these events at The Turks Head (and we will not lower our musical standards!) but will be concentrating on their other venue: The Telegraph on Putney Heath which since starting there in January 2007 has so far been very successful with capacity audiences. Brooks Blues Bar has also had to relocate the sole London appearance of Mike Dowling (USA) for Thursday, 7th June 2007 (originally booked for The Turks Head) to The Green Note in Camden Town
 
Brooks Blues Bar thanks all of its regulars and the musicians for their support at The Turks Head, the very helpful management of The Turks Head and is also very grateful to St Margarets Community Website for posting Brooks Blues Bar past weekly events thereon.
 
Many thanks to one and all and we hope to see you Fridays at The Telegraph on Putney Heath and/or on Thursday 7th June at The Green Note in Camden Town (limited number of advance tickets available from WeGotTickets)."



