---
layout: post
title: "Moor Mead and Friend's Group"
permalink: /archives/2007/06/moor_mead_and_friends_group.html
category: news
date: 2007-06-14 15:02:30

---

Thank you to everyone who has given their input and support so far to the discussion regarding Moor Mead Park and the Pavilion. Since the initial meetings in Winchester Hall, with support from the Council, we have achieved the following:

* New playground
* New bulb planting
* Extra benches
* Repainted the pavilion inside and outside in preparation for refurbishment works 
* Had a trial with the Fitpoint -- outdoor gym

With regards to the pavilion we have secured a grant from St Margaret's Fair Committee and also additional funding from the Council which means that we can go ahead with refurbishing the building and making it fit for use this will include toilets, accessible kitchen and seating area.   Work will begin after the Fair and should be ready in time for a summer opening.

A small group of local residents has met to begin discussing how the pavilion could be used.  As a trial, Zoran -- of Zoran's Caf&eacute; in Crown Road, will be operating a small scale refreshment kiosk when the works are completed.  We would like to hear from more local people their ideas with the purpose of setting up a Friends Group to take forward the initiative. 

Please contact Claire Wilson -- "corpunit@aol.com":mailto:corpunit@aol.com or 020 8744 0700 for more details.

We would also like to know what you thought of the Fitpoint.
