---
layout: post
title: "Expanded CPZ Moves to Next Stage"
permalink: /archives/2007/07/expanded_cpz_moves_to_next_stage.html
category: news
date: 2007-07-25 08:47:30

---

Cllr David Trigg, the Cabinet Member for Traffic, Transport and Parking,  has "published his decision":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/view_member_decisions.htm?mgl=ieDecisionDetails.asp&ID=1251 to move the CPZ consultation forward for roads south of Netherton Road and west of Cassillis Road.  Rather than look at the overwhelmingly negative overall figures from the survey, they have decided to look at implementing the CPZ in the just the area closest to Moormead Park and the train station, that supported the CPZ, with a review in six months.

St Margarets Grove and South Western Road's inclusion in the zone are still not decided.  St Peters and Railshead Roads are going to addressed separately.



h4. Details of decision

* To progress a CPZ to the next stage of consultation in those roads south of Netherton Road and west of Cassillis Road, (including Southwestern Road and St Margarets Grove in the consultation but not necessarily in the implementation), to include the setting up of a parking working group of resident and business representatives to progress detailed design and advertise a traffic regulation order.
* To agree for statutory consultation to take place prior to a decision being taken on those roads to be included within a zone.
* To agree that parking controls in St Peters Road not be progressed at the present time as it is in isolation. 
* To instruct officers to investigate traffic and parking arrangements in Railshead Road in liaison with the emergency services.
* To carry out a review six months after implementation, should a zone be introduced, and the review to include those areas adjacent to the zone.
* To progress the application to the Magistrates Court for the stopping up of the service road to the rear of 141-143 St Margarets Road. 
