---
layout: post
title: "Pottery Caf&eacute; Celebrates 5 Years in Richmond"
permalink: /archives/2007/05/pottery_caf_celebrates_5_years_in_richmond.html
category: news
date: 2007-05-10 13:40:15

---

Almost 30,000 people have decorated their own pottery at the Pottery Caf&eacute; in Richmond over the last five years and staff there have decorated some 15,000 plates with baby's first footprints!

To celebrate five years of its pottery decorating studio in Richmond this month  the Pottery Caf&eacute; is offering customers 20% off pottery to decorate yourself during 'Party Week' Monday 14<sup>th</sup> - Friday 18<sup>th</sup> May. Since opening in May 2002, thousands of Mums and babies, families, hen party groups and children's birthday parties have all enjoyed the creative experience of painting pottery together, much of which is exclusively supplied by Emma Bridgewater.


Five years on and little ones of four and five years who had their feet painted in the Pottery Caf&eacute; when they were tiny babies are returning with their baby brothers or sisters to paint more little feet! After all, it's always been a bit of a family affair - the Pottery Caf&eacute; is run by Aiden and Louise Collins who have three boys of their own and who have always been proud to welcome babies and children, breastfeeding Mums and NCT groups to their family friendly studios. There are baby changing facilities, high chairs and naturally, good coffee and cookies in both studios.

In 2006 the Pottery Caf&eacute; opened 'The Little Toy Shop' in both its Richmond & Fulham studios, selling a wide range of traditional, fair trade, wooden and all time favourite toys. You can now find Paddington Bear, JCB diggers, the award winning Wheelie Bugs plus a huge selection of JellyCat soft toys and gifts on its shelves.



<div class="comments">
  <h2>Comments</h2>
     <ul>
{% for 2007-05-10-pottery_caf_celebrates_5_years_in_richmond in site.data.2007-05-10-pottery_caf_celebrates_5_years_in_richmond %}
       <li>

         {{ 2007-05-10-pottery_caf_celebrates_5_years_in_richmond.comment }}

         <cite>{{ 2007-05-10-pottery_caf_celebrates_5_years_in_richmond.author }} on {{ 2007-05-10-pottery_caf_celebrates_5_years_in_richmond.date }}</cite>
    
       </li>
{% endfor %}
    </ul>
</div><!-- end comments -->


