---
layout: post
title: "Interview&#58; Manjusha Malhotra of St Margarets Kumon"
permalink: /archives/2007/11/interview_manjusha_malhotra_of_st_margarets_kumon.html
category: around_town
date: 2007-11-16 10:42:59

---

*Why did you choose St Margarets to open a "Kumon centre":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/directory/school/200709280322 ?*

bq. Kumon carries out extensive surveys and research to decide where the demand is for supplementary education.  I chose St Margarets because it's close to where I live and I like the community atmosphere where everyone knows one another.  That is so rare to find in London.

*Why did you want to do Kumon?*

bq. My son, my two nieces in Delhi and a nephew and niece in Virginia all do Kumon so I have seen how successful it can be.  The two in America have been studying Kumon for a long time; in fact they've grown up with it.  They are way ahead of their classes in maths.  I see how well they are all doing, not only academically but also in their confidence and attitude.  They take pride in their own achievements and are competitive with each other.

*Why did you choose St Margarets to open a Kumon centre?*

bq. Kumon carries out extensive surveys and research to decide where the demand is for supplementary education.  I chose St Margarets because it's close to where I live and I like the community atmosphere where everyone knows one another.  That is so rare to find in London.

*Why did you want to do Kumon?*

bq. My son, my two nieces in Delhi and a nephew and niece in Virginia all do Kumon so I have seen how successful it can be.  The two in America have been studying Kumon for a long time; in fact they've grown up with it.  They are way ahead of their classes in maths.  I see how well they are all doing, not only academically but also in their confidence and attitude.  They take pride in their own achievements and are competitive with each other.

*How would you rate Kumon versus other supplementary education that's out there?*

bq. Kumon is very accessible; there are 550 centres all over the UK and more opening every day.  It is also convenient for parents.  It only takes 10/15 minutes a day per subject and it's done for the day.  As it is daily work it helps with concentration.  It's a way of life, exercise for the brain, not just a quick fix for exams.

*Kumon and teaching*

bq. I have an MA in English and a PGCE and degree in psychology.  I've been a teacher for 15 years.  At school life has become very difficult for teachers and pupils, with big classes, a crammed curriculum and not enough time to teach them basic skills.  Parents feel their children need help.  Kumon provides ready made work, which is individualised, so children are able to work at their own pace and set individual targets and goals.

*What kind of response have you had?*

bq. I first advertised my open event on the 22 September.  I have had a good response from parents, many of whom already know about the benefits of Kumon.  The centre is growing steadily.

*What kind of children does Kumon help?*

bq. Kumon can help children of all ages and abilities because the work is studied on an individualised basis, so children as young as four years old can benefit, as can older children.  Kumon can help those that are struggling, but can also enable gifted children ready to move on, to excel.





