---
layout: post
title: "Marble Hill Playcentres wins top Playground Award"
permalink: /archives/2007/10/marble_hill_playcentres_wins_top_playground_award.html
category: news
date: 2007-10-10 21:44:13

---

Marble Hill Playcentres are celebrating having won a London Adventure Playground of the Year Award 2007. The Twickenham based Adventure Playground was awarded Runners Up as judged by a panel of children from last years winning playground. Staff and children from the Adventure Playground attended a glittering ceremony at City Hall, hosted by the Deputy Mayor of London Nicky Gavron on Monday 8th October 2007.



The AP provides a wide range of play opportunities for children and young people aged 5-15 years of all abilities throughout the summer months. Highly trained Playworkers are on hand to facilitate the children in planning and carrying out activities of their choosing which have included campfires, karaoke and den building. Playcentres Manager Claire Chapman said, 'We are absolutely delighted to have won this award as it recognises the excellent quality of the play environment our Playworker team provides. Having access to a play environment where children can do what they want, when they want is absolutely vital to a happy and healthy childhood. We look forward to providing this essential service to children and young people for many, many years to come.'

The Adventure Playground has had a busy summer season despite the wet weather. Highlights have included the BBC filming a live link for the BBC news on National Playday and Nickleodoen filming their new trailer. Parents also attended a fabulous Queen Tribute night to raise funds.

Marble Hill Playcentres took over the running of the Adventure Playground and One O'Clock Club in 2001. MHP is a registered charity and is run by a voluntary management committee.
