---
layout: post
title: "Marble Hill Caf&eacute; to Open Again"
permalink: /archives/2007/04/marble_hill_caf_to_open_again.html
category: news
date: 2007-04-05 12:43:20

---

_Paul Lamplugh wins Campaign to Save Diana's Caf&eacute;_

Paul Lamplugh OBE, now 75, father of missing estate agent Suzy Lamplugh, who disappeared without trace in 1986, has not only taken on and won a campaign to have the historic Coach House Caf&eacute; in Marble Hill Park, re-opened, he also plans to run it.

Asked why he felt so strongly about the Caf&eacute;, Paul says:

bq. "Sadly, due to a massive stroke in 2003, my wife Diana has been in hospital nearby in Twickenham for the last few years and for two years I took her out from the hospital to this caf&eacute; everyday. It's a delightful place in a beautiful park and was a lovely treat for us both, so I was very disappointed when English Heritage had to close the cafe in February 2006 because it was making a loss."

Paul determined to have the cafe re-opened for Diana and all the other visitors to the park who enjoy it and he got together with local residents to start a campaign.

The campaign was a success and Paul and local resident Jenni Dunn won the contract for it. The Coach House Caf&eacute;, to be run for local people as a not-for-profit concern, opens fully on Good Friday, 6th April.


Local actress Samantha Bond who supports the reopening of the caf&eacute; says: "I've known the Caf&eacute; well ever since I was 9 years old -- it is one of the most beautiful places in London and I'm so delighted that Paul is re-opening it as a not-for-profit venture for us all -- and for Diana who has done so much for everyone's personal safety"

Jenni Dunn says:

bq. "We are grateful for the support of English Heritage. We will provide fresh coffee, afternoon tea with home-baked cakes, light and healthy lunches and, of course, ice creams and children's food -- all served in the caf&eacute; or outside on the park terrace."
