---
layout: post
title: "The Coach House Cafe is Open for Easter"
permalink: /archives/2008/03/the_coach_house_cafe_is_open_for_easter.html
category: news
date: 2008-03-20 09:46:45

---

Great news -- the Coach House Caf{e'} in Marble Hill Park is already back on British Summer time and is open again from Wednesday to Sunday (and public holidays) from 10am - 17:30pm.

Whether you're taking a stroll along the Thames, in the park, meeting your friends for a coffee or sheltering from the wind and rain - the caf{e'} offers you a very warm welcome. They have a great repertoire of wholesome, home made soups, tasty meals and snacks, hot and cold refreshments, ice creams, delicious home baked cakes and are very kiddy friendly. There is seating inside, outside on the terrace overlooking 66-acres of well manicured parkland and the Thames, or you can have your treats packed up ready for you to take away.

The caf{e'} is now open for Easter and has sponsored the annual "Marble Hill Park Easter Egg hunt":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/meeting/200705141806 which takes place anytime after 11am on Sunday 23rd March. This event is run by English Heritage and the meeting point is outside Marble Hill House where you collect the trail details. The cost of this 'Easter Expedition' is &pound;2 per child and accompanying parents/carers can go free. Happy hunting!

There is also a "Easter crafts":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/meeting/200705141807 event at Marble Hill Playcentres from 2 to 3.30pm on Monday the 24th March.
