---
layout: post
title: "More time to cross at the A316"
permalink: /archives/2008/02/more_time_to_cross_at_the_a316.html
commentfile: 2008-02-21-more_time_to_cross_at_the_a316
category: news
date: 2008-02-21 12:46:36

---

Agreement has been reached with Transport For London for a longer 'green man' period on the A316 crossing from the central island to the north side of the road at the St Margaret's roundabout.
 
Following correspondence from St Margaret's Community Website, North St Margarets Residents' Association, Orleans Infant and St Stephen's Schools, Peter Czachowski from TFL paid a second site visit on Wednesday 23rd January and met with Kate Holliday, Head of Governors at Orleans Infant School and Hilary Thomson of NSMRA.  Kate had her small daughter Milly with her to demonstrate how there is insufficient time to gather children and get to the other side before the 'green man' signal goes off and cars are speeding towards you.  At the end of the meeting Peter agreed an additional 'green man' period, from the present 5 (nearer 3.5 according to a stopwatch!) to 8 seconds, plus a 1 second delay in the appearance of the green man, so pedestrians can be more certain approaching cars really ARE going to stop.  He also reiterated that by pressing the RH push-button on the S side of the A316, pedestrians will be able to shorten the wait on the central reservation.  He has confirmed these changes in writing, stating that they estimate completion of these changes will take 2-3 months. 
 
We should all note meanwhile, that the green man signal is now described by TFL as 'an invitation to cross' and the fact that it goes off before you reach the other side of the road is 'nothing to worry about' - something we took issue with, as parents trying to teach our children safe road crossing techniques. 
 
Regarding the pedestrian crossing on the North side of the roundabout at the start of St Margarets Road, TFL are unable to make significant changes to the existing arrangement as the LH signal is on private land. 
 
Finally in response to the speeding issue, Peter has advised us to contact the London Road Safety Unit at TFL and the Highways Agency, both responsible in part for speeding and cameras on or near the roundabout.  Rather helpfully, as we were trying to convince Peter that speeding vehicles were a problem, a Tesco lorry took the roundabout too fast and shed a load of boxes of bottles on the road at the crossing, causing cars behind to swerve out of the way while shards of glass shot up in the air.

<cite>-- from a North St Margarets Residents' Association e-newsletter</cite>




{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
