---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Richmond Declaration - Common Sense On Planning"
permalink: /archives/2008/09/event_reminder_richmond_declaration_common_sense_o.html
commentfile: 2008-09-22-event_reminder_richmond_declaration_common_sense_o
category: around_town
date: 2008-09-22 21:01:49

---

_Public Meeting Notice_

Do you want:

p=. High Density?
High Rise?
Garden Grabbing?

If not then come along to

Richmond Declaration Public Meeting to join the fight against unwanted development

*Details*

* Time: 7:30pm - 9:30pm
* Venue: Winchester Hall, Next to the The Turks Head
* Date: 23rd September
* Featuring
** Deborah Thomas
** Cllr Virginia Morris
** Cllr Clare Head
* Website "www.richmonddeclaration.co.uk":http://www.richmonddeclaration.co.uk/


<div class="box">

h3. Richmond Declaration - Common Sense On Planning

Local residents are angry that insensitive Government planning policies are destroying the character of our country. The Richmond Declaration rejects the 'Big Brother' attitude as it is undermining our unique neighbourhoods. We demand that our local Council AND all Government agencies adopt our ten planning
principles.

# Let local communities lead on local planning.
# Keep our gardens green.
# Maintain the appearance of the street scene.
# Show common sense on parking and protect small shops.
# Offer flexibility on housing.
# Preserve our local environment and built heritage.
# Protect our village environments from high density development.
# Block high rise development.
# Enforce the law equally on all.
# Stop unnecessary sale of public open land to developers.

I/We, the undersigned, are angry that insensitive Government planning policies are destroying the character of our country. We reject the 'Big Brother' attitude as it is undermining our unique neighbourhoods. We demand that our local Council AND all Government agencies adopt our ten planning principles.

</div>


{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
