---
layout: post
title: "New Jazz Class at RACC"
permalink: /archives/2008/09/new_jazz_class_at_racc.html
category: around_town
date: 2008-09-11 12:49:20

---

h4. Arranging For Bands and Composing 

The Richmond Adult Community College Jazz Faculty is running a new 36 week course starting later this month targeted at musicians who want to improve their arranging and composing skills.

The course will be running between 10.00 and 12.00 every Saturday morning (to avoid overlap with the Saturday afternoon ensembles).

Some pre-knowledge and understanding of Jazz harmonic structure and basic arranging principles would be useful but not essential - for those new to the subject there are some excellent 'standard works' such as Henry Mancini's 'Sounds and Scores' and Don Sebesky's The Contemporary Arranger' which would be useful pre reading. (I have copies you can borrow!) The cost will be probably &pound;150 per term or &pound;400 for three terms though this depends on the number of students we can get.

"A great opportunity to develop new Jazz arranging skills"

h4. Why should I sign up to this course?

We are very lucky to have the Richmond Adult College Jazz faculty on our doorstep and many of us have attended and enjoyed the Saturday afternoon Jazz workshops.

The college has some great tutors and first class resources.

'Arranging For Bands and Composition' has been developed for musicians who want to be able to create their own scores and arrangements for anything ranging from a small Jazz ensemble to a big band across a range of musical styles.

It is developed from a short course run at Parkshot this summer. The classes will be taught using Sibelius software and Pro Studio. There will be opportunities to have worked performed by the Faculty ensembles.

This is a great opportunity to improve existing musical skills and to develop new capabilities - possibly even earn some money from on line publishing via Sibelius.com.

However we need at least eight people to sign up to make the course viable and at the moment there are only four of us so if you are interested, e-mail me at "geoff@rttonline.com":mailto:geoff@rttonline.com for a detailed course outline or phone me 0208 892 6433 for more information.

h4. Breaking news on The Rising Sun

Many of you have provided great support for our Jazz Showcase evenings at The Rising Sun every Monday.

The pub is being refurbished but will re open for Jazz on Monday 29th September - more details to follow and keep an eye on the new web site "www.risingsuntwickenham.co.uk":http://www.risingsuntwickenham.co.uk/

See you then

Geoff Varrall
