---
layout: post
title: "66 Crown Road Gets Planning Officer's Approval"
permalink: /archives/2008/05/66_crown_road_gets_planning_officers_approval.html
commentfile: 2008-05-14-66_crown_road_gets_planning_officers_approval
category: news
date: 2008-05-14 10:52:30

---

The planning application for the former _Crown Road Surgery_ at 66 Crown Road have  been recommended to be granted permission by the planning council officers despite there being 40 objections.

bq. "The application proposes to convert a vacant doctor’s surgery to form four flats,
including two small units. The change of use is in accordance with Council Policy relating to doctor’s surgeries and the provision of new residential accommodation including small units is in accordance with Council housing policy and is welcomed. Much local concern has been raised regarding the impact of the proposal on local parking and regarding the future use of the existing on-street surgery bay. The application has been amended since the initial submission and now proposes that the surgery bay is converted to a public use. The site is also located within a CPZ and the applicant has agreed to enter into a legal agreement to restrict the issue of parking permits. Given this it is not considered the proposal would adversely affect the local road network."

<cite>-- from the "Planning officers report":http://cabnet.richmond.gov.uk/Published/C00000224/M00001771/AI00015895/$074239FUL66CrownRoad.docA.ps.pdf</cite>

The planning meeting will be held on 15 May 2008 6:30 pm at York House.

*Links*

* "Original article":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2008/02/planning_application_former_crown_road_surgery.html
* "Planning committee agenda":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council_government_and_democracy/democratic_processes_and_events/calendar_of_meetings.htm?mgl=ieListDocuments.asp&CId=224&MId=1771&q=1
* "Planning officers recommendation (pdf)":http://cabnet.richmond.gov.uk/Published/C00000224/M00001771/AI00015895/$074239FUL66CrownRoad.docA.ps.pdf




{% include comments.html %}
