---
layout: post
title: "Local Wine Tasting Sessions for 2008"
permalink: /archives/2008/01/local_wine_tasting_sessions_for_2008.html
category: news
date: 2008-01-03 22:14:26

---

We had a meeting of the St Margaret's Wine Growers Group shortly before Christmas and there has been a new development! Its remit has been expanded to become the St Margaret's Wine Appeciation Group. Activities now include local wine tasting sessions, in local residents' homes, led by local Master of Wine, Greg Sherwood.

We are kicking off with our First Wine Tasting on Thursday 17th January 2008 at 8pm - 10pm. It will be in my house in Sandycoombe Road, St Margaret's (5 minutes walk from the station). Greg will be presenting and discussing a selection of wines for us to taste. Cost for the evening is &pound;10 payable at the door, to cover the wine and will include nibbles. If you would like to come, please contact me for details (see end of this email) so that I can estimate the numbers for catering and supplies of glasses.

Greg Sherwood, 35, Master of Wine, is the general manager of fine wines for London wine merchant Handford Wines, owned by James Handford MW. A South African native, Greg now lives in St Margarets, Twickenham. Greg writes a regular column for wineanorak.com, an online wine magazine.

Everyone is welcome, from complete novices to old hands. If the sessions go well we hope to stage them fortnightly and later in the year, to arrange visits to vineyards in the south-east. And don't worry we are not planning to focus on very expensive wines, there will be something for all budgets.

Finally for would-be vine growers, if you are planting this year, you need to get your vine in by the end of March. I have prepared a leaflet describing the basics of growing vines, including suppliers. Please contact me if you would like a copy.

Hazelle Jackson
Convenor, St St Margaret's Wine Appeciation Group
phone: 0208 892 9429
email: <a href="mailto:hazelle.jackson@dial.pipex.com?Subject=St Margarets%20Wine%20Appeciation%20Group
">hazelle.jackson@dial.pipex.com</a>





<div class="comments">
  <h2>Comments</h2>
     <ul>
{% for 2008-01-03-local_wine_tasting_sessions_for_2008 in site.data.2008-01-03-local_wine_tasting_sessions_for_2008 %}
       <li>

         {{ 2008-01-03-local_wine_tasting_sessions_for_2008.comment }}

         <cite>{{ 2008-01-03-local_wine_tasting_sessions_for_2008.author }} on {{ 2008-01-03-local_wine_tasting_sessions_for_2008.date }}</cite>
    
       </li>
{% endfor %}
    </ul>
</div><!-- end comments -->


