---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Wine Tasting - 1 May 2008"
permalink: /archives/2008/05/event_reminder_wine_tasting_1_may_2008.html
commentfile: 2008-05-01-event_reminder_wine_tasting_1_may_2008
category: around_town
date: 2008-05-01 11:14:01

---

The _St Margarets' Wine Appreciation Group_ meets monthly to taste a range of wines from around the world, under the guidance of Greg Sherwood, a local resident who is a Master of Wine. Thenext tasting is on Thursday 1st May, at Greg and Nicky Sherwood's house in St Margaret's. We shall be tasting a range of South African ones this month. Start time 8 p.m. Cost &pound;10 payable on the door.

If you would like to come along, we are always happy to welcome new faces. Please contact Hazelle Jackson at <a href="mailto:macn05@dial.pipex.com?Subject=Chateau St Margaret's">macn05@dial.pipex.com</a> or phone her on 0208 892 9429 for full details. All welcome. For all emails on wine tasting, please put Chateau St Margaret's in the subject line.



St Margaret's Wine Appreciation Group is a group of local residents, of all ages and backgrounds, united by a shared enthusiasm for wine. We meet monthly, on an informal basis,in a group member's house, to taste a range of wines from different regions of the world. We are led by South-African born Greg Sherwood who is a Master of Wine, and shares his knowledge and enthusiasm with us,so there is plenty of expert advice on hand.

If you would like to be added to our e-mailing list,please contact Hazelle on <a href="mailto:macn05@dial.pipex.com?Subject=Chateau St Margaret's">macn05@dial.pipex.com</a>.


{% include comments.html %}
