---
layout: post
title: "Guide Launched for Fairtrade Fortnight"
permalink: /archives/2009/02/guide_launched_for_fairtrade_fortnight.html
commentfile: 2009-02-12-guide_launched_for_fairtrade_fortnight
category: news
date: 2009-02-12 21:51:53
excerpt: |
    A colourful guide to encourage even more people in Richmond upon Thames to buy  ethically produced products is being launched for "Fairtrade Fortnight":http://www.fairtrade.org.uk/ (23 February to 8 March).
    
    Richmond upon Thames has been a committed Fairtrade borough since 2006, with more than 100 businesses school and other organisations now using or selling Fairtrade goods.

---

A colourful guide to encourage even more people in Richmond upon Thames to buy  ethically produced products is being launched for "Fairtrade Fortnight":http://www.fairtrade.org.uk/ (23 February to 8 March).

Richmond upon Thames has been a committed Fairtrade borough since 2006, with more than 100 businesses school and other organisations now using or selling Fairtrade goods.

Cllr Stephen Knight, Cabinet Member for Resources and Deputy Leader of Richmond upon Thames Council, said:

bq.. "We are proud to have been among the first London local authorities to achieve Fairtrade borough status and would like to see more residents and businesses committing to the Fairtrade ideal.

"In times of economic downturn, it is essential to continue - and hopefully increase - our support for ethically-produced goods.

"The Council leads by example by using Fairtrade products wherever possible, specifically in catering and refreshments at meetings."

p. This year's Fairtrade Fortnight theme is _Make it Happen - Choose Fairtrade_.

Richmond's Fairtrade Steering Group is launching a guide to encourage more residents across the borough to keep "making it happen".

Steering group chair Maria Longley said:

bq.. "The vast majority of consumers say they are still willing to pay extra for a product perceived to be ethical and Fairtrade is the shopper's favoured type of ethical product.

"We would love to see more schools and businesses using Fairtrade products and shops selling a wider range of goods.

"Fairtrade Fortnight gives us the chance to celebrate the borough playing its part in London being declared a Fairtrade City in October 2008."
The Fairtrade Guide can be picked up at borough libraries.

<cite>-- "from a Richmond Council press release":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/press_office/press_releases/february_2009_press_releases/guide_launched_for_fairtrade_fortnight.htm</cite>


{% include comments.html %}
