---
layout: post
title: "Spring is on its way! Time to get fit!"
permalink: /archives/2009/03/spring_is_on_its_way_time_to_get_fit.html
category: around_town
date: 2009-03-03 22:23:29

---

It's still light in the evenings until 5.30 or 6pm. The mornings are also getting lighter. This means exercise should be easier to fit back into your life again.

Whether you just want to improve your fitness to run for a bus, play with your children, or be fitter skiing, make sure you start slowly and build up your exercise over the next few weeks. Here are a few simple tips to get you going:

# Set yourself a realistic goal that you can achieve and monitor.
# Fit exercise into your daily life. Plan into your day when you can go for a walk, run or visit the gym. Do not cancel.
# Focus on doing a good workout and have a plan of what you want to achieve in each session.
# You can do a hard workout in 40/50 minutes by increasing the intensity of your session.
# Do not increase your mileage by more than 10% per week as you could then be prone to injuries.
# Invest in a good fitting pair of running shoes. These will prevent injury and will last you about 5-10 months depending on your mileage.
# Train with a friend to keep yourself motivated.
# Include some strength training and core work, like squats, lunges, plank and reverse curls in your plan. These exercises will help to improve your posture and strengthen your back.
# You will feel rather stiff the day after exercise if you have not done much for a while. This is common and will go over the next few days. Try doing a little exercise, swim or stretch out as this will help alleviate your muscle soreness.
# If you are trying to lose weight then never miss a meal and ALWAYS eat breakfast.
# Remember exercise is fun and you will feel the benefits in a matter of weeks.

Enjoy!

If you have any questions about exercise then email Georgie at "georgie@run.uk.net":mailto:georgie@run.uk.net


Georgie runs run, her personal training business in St. Margarets. Bootcamps and early bird sessions will start in April. Visit "www.run.uk.net":http://www.run.uk.net/ for more information.











