---
layout: post
title: "Looking for a Venue? How About a Good Place for a Good Time?"
permalink: /archives/2009/01/looking_for_a_venue_how_about_a_good_place_for_a_g.html
commentfile: 2009-01-09-looking_for_a_venue_how_about_a_good_place_for_a_g
category: around_town
date: 2009-01-09 16:08:42

---

Eel Pie Island in Twickenham first earned its reputation as a good place for a good time back in the 15<sup>th</sup> century. Henry VIII used to visit to enjoy Mrs Mayo's famous pies and in its time the Ait has been home to a bowling alley, a pub, a nature reserve and a hotel with its own jazz club that in the 1960's helped launch bands like the Rolling Stones, the Who and the Yardbirds. When the hotel burnt down in 1971 Eel Pie Island fell off the "Must Visit" list and slowly slipped into suburban slumber.

Those days are now over. Eel Pie Island is open once again for fun and recreation.

Tucked away in a quiet corner Richmond Yacht Club is one of Eel Pie's best-kept secrets -- a small and massively friendly clubhouse and hall overlooking the river. With a stage, complete with a sound system, its own bar and well-equipped kitchen Richmond Yacht Club is a perfect venue for parties, dinners, wedding receptions and special celebrations ...and with its own landing stage, you can even arrive by boat.

If you would like to find out more about hiring this unique and rather magical place - please contact Phillip Chart on 01932 231391 or "phillipchart@hotmail.com":mailto:phillipchart@hotmail.com


_Remember -- once you've crossed the bridge you are in a different world!_




{% include comments.html %}
