---
layout: post
title: "Kumon offers Free Trial"
permalink: /archives/2010/01/kumon_offers_free_trial.html
category: around_town
date: 2010-01-14 08:20:57

---

From 21 January to 20 February 2010, Kumon, one of the leading after-school education providers in the UK and Ireland is running a two-week Free Trial. This exciting offer is totally free of charge and open to all children in the UK and Ireland. Kumon exists to provide as many children as possible with the opportunity to learn and aims to give them the best chance in life by offering a unique and individualised study programme that is tailored to the needs of each child.  

The Free Trial provides children with the opportunity to experience Kumon first-hand and gives parents an insight into how the Kumon method can benefit their child, without any financial commitment. The offer applies to either or both subjects of English and maths, and is open to families who are new to Kumon, siblings of current students and those already on the programme considering a second subject.  On completion of the Free Trial the family can choose to keep their child on the programme or discontinue.  Should the parent decide to discontinue, no charge is made.  Should they decide to continue, registration and monthly subject fees are payable from the 15th day of study. 

For further information on the Free Trial or for general Kumon enquiries please call our freephone number on 0800 854714 or visit our website "kumon.co.uk":http://www.kumon.co.uk/

To sign up to the Free Trial please contact Manjusha Malhotra Instructor at the St Margarets study centre on 020 8737 3527 or email "stmargarets@kumoncentre.co.uk":mailto:stmargarets@kumoncentre.co.uk

Your kids deserve the best chance in life - with Kumon they get just that.







