---
layout: post
title: "New Twickenham Station Plans"
permalink: /archives/2010/07/new_twickenham_station_plans.html
category: news
date: 2010-07-08 14:24:02

---

Plans to invest over &pound;40 million in rebuilding Twickenham Station go on public display next week.  Solum Regeneration, a joint venture between Network Rail and Kier Property, has released the first images of the proposed development which will provide a new station with modern facilities as well as an opportunity to build new homes, shops and restaurants around a new revitalised station plaza.

This week, some 4,500 newsletters are being distributed to residents in Twickenham publicising a public exhibition which will take place at The Hyde Room, York House, Twickenham on:

* Friday 16 July 2010 from 2.30pm-8pm
* Saturday 17 July 2010 from 10am - 4pm

Nigel Carr from Solum Regeneration, said:

bq.. "More than 6,000 people pass through Twickenham station every day, a figure that swells to over 30,000 on international match days.

"The current station facility is badly positioned and has awkward access to the platforms.  It provides a very poor arrival point for Twickenham as a town and a major international sporting venue and makes no contribution to the town centre or its identity.

"The redevelopment will provide the opportunity to create a sense of arrival for Twickenham, to provide modern station facilities with increased capacity and to open up the area next to the neglected River Crane.

"We very much want to hear from local residents and to consider local views before submitting a planning application later in the year."

p. The new station will be built on a podium over the main rail lines.  This will enable a new public plaza to be created at the entrance to the relocated ticket office which will provide direct access to the platforms via steps and lifts.  Shop and restaurant units will be provided around the hard landscaped open plaza to create a sense of arrival and generate new long term jobs.

Station car parking and a new taxi pick up and drop off facility will be provided below the podium.  The number of secure bicycle spaces will be increased fourfold to 250 spaces and the arrangements for the bus interchange at road level will be improved.

New homes will be provided in three blocks built above the station.  In total, around 170 apartments will be created, providing a mix of affordable homes and homes for sale.  The development will rise up to a height similar to the neighbouring Regal House and step down towards the River Crane.

The redevelopment will open up the neglected area along the River Crane creating a new riverside link for pedestrians from Moormead Park to the station.  Over time, there might be opportunities to extend this walk beyond the station towards the Stoop.

Ian Johnston, Customer Services Director, from South West Trains, added:

bq. "The new station at Twickenham will vastly improve the facilities for the travelling public with a much larger  ticket office, new toilets and better access including lifts  to the platforms"

Solum intends to submit a planning application for the main development project later in the year.  This week, a planning application is being submitted to build a podium which will span the width of the railway line to enable the wider development to take place.  This will allow for the podium to be put in place during planned weekend closures of the line in September and October 2011 when Network Rail will be carrying out extension works to the platforms.

h4. Additional links

* "Richmond Council impact assessment":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/environment/planning/environmental_impact_assessments.htm




