---
layout: post
title: "New Mother Meet-ups"
permalink: /archives/2010/06/new_mother_meetups.html
category: around_town
date: 2010-06-04 08:58:12

---

Two new regualar meet-ups for mothers with young children.

h4. COFFEE MUMS

* Every Thursday 10.30am - 12pm
* Coachhouse Cafe, Marble Hill Park

Come and make new friends and socialise in beautiful surroundings!  A lighthearted atmosphere with likeminded people, and a great way to start the day.  Take that break you've been promising yourself!  All parents, bumps, babies and children welcome.

_No admission.  Contact Jo at "babypicnic@gmail.com":mailto:babypicnic@gmail.com for more details._

h4. MUMS & BABIES PICNIC & BOOK CLUB

* Tuesday June 29<sup>th</sup> 1pm - 4pm
* Sunday July 25<sup>th</sup> 1pm - 4pm
* Friday August 27<sup>th</sup> 1pm - 4pm
* In the children's area outside the Coachhouse Cafe, Marble Hill Park.

A great opportunity for mums, bumps, babies and children to mingle and have fun in beautiful surroundings!

Bring something yummy to share and join in the fun :) Children of all ages welcome, as well as bumps and partners, friends and relatives!  The more, the merrier.

Also featuring the Usborne Books Family Fun Corner, full of entertaining and educational gifts and ideas for children of all ages - not to mention plenty of great ideas to keep the little ones amused throughout the summer months.

If the weather fails us, the event will take place in the Coachhouse Cafe instead.

If you have any further enquiries, please email Jo at "babypicnic@gmail.com":mailto:babypicnic@gmail.com






