---
layout: post
title: "The Marathon De Sables&#58; 8 Weeks to go"
permalink: /archives/2010/02/the_marathon_de_sables_8_weeks_to_go.html
category: around_town
date: 2010-02-04 12:39:59

---

I'd firstly like to say a big thank you to all those who have kindly sponsored me to do this mad race, please if you would like to help me raise money for F.R.O.D.O.[1] then please visit my just giving site at "justgiving.com/georgie-islip":http://justgiving.com/georgie-islip Thank you for all your support as it will keep me going through the tough stages of the race.

Training this last couple of weeks has been rather tough. My body feels like a bus has run over it and then reversed by accident and gone over me again, several times. My motivation has been low, I've found it really hard in the cold and I've been wearing loads of layers. In fact, I'm actually quite looking forward to getting some sun! So all in all I'm glad to see the end of the last two weeks, however not too soon as this weekend is a big test to my training.

I'm running from Farnham to Merstham on Saturday and then back from Merstham to Farnham on Sunday. All being well I should have covered 66 miles by Sunday night. So here's to my training on Monday morning, not quite sure how I'll be walking... running...

So the last two weeks I've pulled back from training. I walked on Monday rather than doing a long run, although I could not resist running some hills at the end of it though, so did about half an hour up and down Nightingale Lane with my backpack on. Good news is my pack weighs 8kgs not the 5kg I originally thought, and it feels fine.

The race is physically stupid and mentally challenging. My brain will happily let me struggle, and encourage me to stop. However, I must accept these negative thoughts and accept that the conditions are tough and cannot be changed (i.e. I will be running on sand in the heat, and carrying a pack). I must work on what I can change, like replacing the negative thoughts with positive self statements, using the pain as a level of effort, and accepting it will be hard. I need to focus on the 'here and now', concentrate on short term goals, focus on the immediate target and hopefully, hopefully it will be hard, very hard but achievable. This is my mental plan to try out over the weekend. Let's hope it works!

I am raising money for F.R.O.D.O. which is a charity transforming the quality of life and providing hope for disabled children in developing countries. If you would like to sponsor me then please visit "justgiving.com/Georgie-Islip":http://justgiving.com/Georgie-Islip Thank you for all you support.

<em>Georgie runs her own training business, providing 1:2:1 training, run together sessions or will happily help you with your training and fitness goals. Visit "www.run.uk.net":http://www.run.uk.net for more information or call Georgie on 07736 070612.</em>

fn1. For more information on F.R.O.D.O please visit "www.frodokids.org":http://www.frodokids.org/




