---
layout: post
title: "Richmond Council Consultation on CPZ and Parking"
permalink: /archives/2010/10/richmond_council_consultation_on_cpz_and_parking.html
commentfile: 2010-10-21-richmond_council_consultation_on_cpz_and_parking
category: news
date: 2010-10-21 20:04:17

---

Residents in Richmond upon Thames are being urged to have their say on major changes to car parking policy in the borough following a decision made by the Council’s cabinet in July.

The changes will include:

# CO2 related parking taxes in community parking zones scrapped.
# Clearer tariffs for meter and car parks with CO2-linked charging ended.
# 30 minutes free parking for residents to help local traders.
# A 10% reduction on meter and car park charges will also be available via an extended Richmond Card to borough residents.
# Discounts will rise to 20% for those over 75, as part of the Council’s programme of Pensioner Preference.

Because of the financial situation, basic charges on streets and in car parks will rise, but costs will be offset for residents by the new parking structure.

Overall, the Council’s Fair Parking Policy, which also includes the ending of car parking subsidies to Council staff and the renegotiation of the parking enforcement contract should save over £1/2 million even when these proposals are taken into account.

<cite>-- from "Richmond Council Website":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/consultation_on_cpz_and_street_parking_charge_systems


h4. Additional information and links

* "Consultation information":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council_government_and_democracy/council/consulation_and_feedback/council_consultations/consultation_details.htm?id=C00468
* "Online survey":https://forms.richmond.gov.uk/AF3/an/default.aspx/RenderForm/?F.Name=NtbUuFTR1Sa




{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
