---
layout: post
title: "NappyValleyNet.com expands to Richmond, Teddington & Twickenham"
permalink: /archives/2011/02/nappyvalleynetcom_expands_to_richmond_teddington_t.html
commentfile: 2011-02-10-nappyvalleynetcom_expands_to_richmond_teddington_t
category: around_town
date: 2011-02-10 20:09:06

---

After two successful years of business in Clapham & Wandsworth, NappyValleyNet.com has expanded and launched a new local site just for Richmond, Teddington & Twickenham.

Run by a team of local mums, NappyValleyNet gives mums the inside track on everything local; from schools to softplay, childcare to cafes, restaurants to reflexology, toys to tantrum advice, hotels & holidays and so much more.

With more & more local mums contributing recommendations, it's living proof that, in an increasingly connected world, mums trust nothing more than the advice of other mums.  So-called "Power Mums" which represent nearly 20 percent of the active online population, are wielding more influence than ever. As well as shopping online, many socialize to find out about local goings on.

What's unique about NappyValleyNet is that it is entirely focused on bringing together mums interested in the very best of local. And, in an effort to encourage support for local shops & restaurants, NappyValleyNet are teaming up with local businesses to offer a range of exclusive competitions & offers.

Businesses interested in hearing more about the benefits of working with NappyValleyNet should contact the team through the website.

Mums can join in by registering online at "www.nappyvalleynet.com":http://www.nappyvalleynet.com.

<em>-- from a press release</em>





{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
