---
layout: post
title: "Prizes For East Twickenham Village Ideas"
permalink: /archives/2011/10/prizes_for_east_twickenham_village_ideas.html
commentfile: 2011-10-04-prizes_for_east_twickenham_village_ideas
category: around_town
date: 2011-10-04 18:34:00
excerpt: |
    Community-minded local residents, traders and neighbourhood groups from East Twickenham are running an exciting competition that is open to all local children.  The aim of the competition is to help raise awareness of East Twickenham as a distinct village.  The children are being asked to submit creative ideas that explain through words, art, film or any other media, how and what they think an East Twickenham Village could be in the future, or to research how it was in the past.
    
    

---

Community-minded local residents, traders and neighbourhood groups from East Twickenham are running an exciting competition that is open to all local children.  The aim of the competition is to help raise awareness of East Twickenham as a distinct village.  The children are being asked to submit creative ideas that explain through words, art, film or any other media, how and what they think an East Twickenham Village could be in the future, or to research how it was in the past.



Local groups, including representatives from St Stephen's church, Twickenham Park Resident's Association, Morley and Alexandra Road Residents' Association (MARRA), Friends of Cambridge Gardens, Meadowside Freehold Association, Vivienne Close Association, Richmond Bridge Estate, East Twickenham Neighbourhood Association (ETNA), East Twickenham Traders' Association and several local councillors are supporting the competition.  In addition to rewarding great ideas and research, they hope it will generate new ideas of how local young residents might like East Twickenham to improve as a village.

The competition prize winners will be presented with their awards at the official launch of the newly formed East Twickenham Village Group on the afternoon of November 5<sup>th</sup> 2011 and this will take place at the East Twickenham Neighbourhood Association (ETNA), 13 Rosslyn Road, TW1 2AR.  This will coincide with ETNA's celebrations of 25 years of helping local residents.  There will be exhibits, stalls, music, a barbeque and displays of the competition entries.

Competition entries must be submitted by noon on Oct 21<sup>st</sup> 2011 and further information about the competition can be obtained from Su Bonfanti on 020 8892 5077 or by email: "su@bonfanti.co.uk":mailto:su@bonfanti.co.uk

ETNA can be found at: "www.etnacentre.org":http://www.etnacentre.org



{% include comments.html %}
