---
layout: post
title: "Richmond & Twickenham Photographic Society - Autumn Programme 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/09/richmond_twickenham_photographic_society_autumn_pr.html
category: around_town
date: 2011-09-01 08:56:33

---

The "Richmond and Twickenham Photographic Society":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/directory/group/201109010342 is one of the oldest Photographic Societies in the country, having been formed in 1890, as the Richmond Amateur Photographic Society. The name was changed to Richmond Camera Club in 1893 to reflect the fact that the membership included professionals as well as amateurs. Between 1900 and 1915 a regular annual exhibition was held. The exhibition resumed in 1920 and has continued every year since, with the exception of 1943. The Club amalgamated with the Twickenham Photographic Society in 1946, with the Society finally settling on its present title in 1965.

We meet each Thursday at 8.00pm throughout the year, except in July, August and around Easter and Christmas, at Kew Community Centre, Upper Hall, The Avenue, Kew, Richmond. In addition to the many well known speakers for illustrated talks and demonstrations, and other special events, we have a number of annual internal competitions and awards. We encourage members to enter images for our monthly Print, and Digital competition which takes place on the last Thursday of each month, with analysis and scores awarded by an external judge.

If you are interested, here is the "Programme for September to December 2011":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/images//RTPS_SeptDec2011_Programme.pdf [pdf]
