---
layout: post
title: "Discover Stories in Gardens this Summer!"
permalink: /archives/2011/08/discover_stories_in_gardens_this_summer.html
commentfile: 2011-08-05-discover_stories_in_gardens_this_summer
category: around_town
date: 2011-08-05 15:53:52

---

Inclusive arts company _Funsense_ is working with _The Orange Tree Theatre_ to bring you *Stories in Gardens*, an arts event for all ages and abilities in the grounds and gardens of two beautiful venues in the London Borough of Richmond on 17<sup>th</sup> and 21<sup>st</sup> August.

Stories in Gardens is a way for children to enjoy the environment and be creative whilst spending time with their families. The grounds and gardens of Holly Lodge and Garrick's Temple will host inclusive arts events for children and their families over two days in August 2011.


The event is suitable for all ages and accessible to wheelchairs and buggies. This event is designed to attract all families, with an emphasis on families of children with disabilities or learning difficulties.

A team of artists host several activities in the outside spaces and the activities include an opportunity to make miniature gardens and lanterns, wild animals and interesting sights and sounds. Debs Newbold and Amy Rhodes will be leading story telling activities that comment on, and respond to, the magnificent outside spaces.

Funsense director Jenny Lockyer says: 

bq. "Funsense wants to offer fun ways for people of all abilities to be inspired by outside spaces. After piloting the project last year it's great to be working on it again in partnership with The Orange Tree Theatre and two great venues. We provide the activities and the beautiful gardens; visitors can spend time enjoying the environment and be creative with their friends and families."

Stories in Gardens is also an opportunity to promote conservation and respect for the environment, whilst offering a way for visitors to enjoy each others' company and have fun outside surrounded by beautiful, sensory and inspiring scenery.

h4. Details

The event is taking place at:

* Holly Lodge, Richmond Park, Wednesday 17<sup>th</sup> August 2011 and
* Garrick's Temple, Hampton, Sunday 21<sup>st</sup> August 2011.

Both venues have two sessions.

* 10-30am-12.30
* 1.30pm-3.30pm

The event is FREE but places are limited.

To book call the Orange Tree Theatre on 0208 940 0141.

For images of last year's Stories in Gardens event please see "www.funsensetheatre.co.uk/~funsense/gallery":http://www.funsensetheatre.co.uk/~funsense/gallery




{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
