---
layout: post
title: "Calling All Aspiring Rowers and Coxes"
permalink: /archives/2011/11/calling_all_aspiring_rowers_and_coxes.html
commentfile: 2011-11-18-calling_all_aspiring_rowers_and_coxes
category: around_town
date: 2011-11-18 09:02:57
excerpt: |
    _Twickenham Rowing Club welcomes new and aspiring rowers and coxes!_
    
    What better way to get fit than to join Twickenham Rowing Club where for less than it costs to join a gym you get coaching, a regularly updated training programme, peers with which to train and enjoy social evenings, and the opportunity to embrace your competitive spirit in all-round-the-year races.
    
    We also seek coxswains for our boats - Coxes have the very important role of steering crews towards a Win, and to give instructions and commands about what needs to be done, motivate your rowers and finally coach from within the boat.
    
    Twickenham Rowing Club is a welcoming open club and accepts people of all ages and abilities. We offer a number of different squads for experienced rowers and run regular courses for beginners of all ages.
    

---

_Twickenham Rowing Club welcomes new and aspiring rowers and coxes!_

What better way to get fit than to join Twickenham Rowing Club where for less than it costs to join a gym you get coaching, a regularly updated training programme, peers with which to train and enjoy social evenings, and the opportunity to embrace your competitive spirit in all-round-the-year races.

We also seek coxswains for our boats - Coxes have the very important role of steering crews towards a Win, and to give instructions and commands about what needs to be done, motivate your rowers and finally coach from within the boat.

Twickenham Rowing Club is a welcoming open club and accepts people of all ages and abilities. We offer a number of different squads for experienced rowers and run regular courses for beginners of all ages.

Founded in 1860, Twickenham Rowing Club is one of the oldest and largest rowing clubs in London. Our unique position on London's most beautiful stretch of the Thames makes Twickenham an idyllic place to row. As a pillar of the local community, Twickenham has a strong reputation as a friendly, sociable and welcoming club and caters for beginners and experienced rowers of all ages. The club is currently benefiting from sustained growth in membership. Our ever stronger senior squads cater for professionals with demanding careers who also want to race at Henley.

If you are interested in hearing more about what the club has to offer, meeting some of us or having a look around the clubhouse, please email Jacqui Johnston: "manager@twickenhamrc.net":mailto:manager@twickenhamrc.net





{% include comments.html %}
