---
layout: post
title: "Take the Police's Public Access Survey"
permalink: /archives/2011/05/take_the_polices_public_access_survey.html
category: news
date: 2011-05-05 15:05:58

---

The Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) has launched a review into the different ways in which the public can contact police and access our services. These range from telephone, online and face-to-face methods, including via police stations and appointments.

In these challenging financial times, it is essential that the MPS makes best use of available resources. This is one of the key aims of the review that will ensure we can deliver an efficient and cost effective service in the right place at the right time.

As part of the review, we have launched an anonymous online survey. We will use the results of the survey, which runs until 27<sup>th</sup> May 2011, to develop a strategy to maintain and enhance public access to policing services within a core minimum standard. No decisions have yet been made and any changes will only take place with the approval of the most senior officers and staff who form the MPS Management Board and the Metropolitan Police Authority (MPA), an independent governing body that holds the MPS to account.

To have your say and influence the future of local policing in your area please take ten minutes to complete this survey; your views are important to us and will help us improve our services to better meet your needs.

"Take the survey online":http://www.keysurvey.co.uk/survey/360083/41a8/
