---
layout: post
title: "West Middlesex Hospital Provides An Excellent Service"
permalink: /archives/2011/09/west_middlesex_hospital_provides_an_excellent_serv.html
category: food
date: 2011-09-07 11:11:27

---

West Middlesex has scored excellent in all three categories of the latest assessment of its inpatient services, putting it in the top 15 per cent of NHS and participating independent organisations.

NHS sites are each given scores from 1 (unacceptable) to 5 (excellent) for standards of environment, food, and privacy and dignity within hospital. The annual assessments, established in 2000, are overseen by the patient environment action team (PEAT), part of the national patient safety agency (NPSA).

Each inspection is carried out by a Patient Environment Action Team which consists of local NHS staff including nurses, matrons, doctors, catering and domestic service managers, executive director, dieticians and estates managers. They also include an independent patient representative. An independent adjudicator from the NPSA can also join the inspection, and assessment results submitted are open to an audit by the NPSA.

Sue Daw, Acting Director of Nursing and Midwifery, said: "I am absolutely delighted at the results of this year's PEAT assessment. Last year we achieved an excellent score for privacy and dignity and good for food and environment. We have worked hard since then to further improve on our already high standards and I am very proud that we have achieved excellent results this year."

Janet Marriott, one of the patient representatives present during the inspection in her capacity as the Secretary of the Forum for Older People in Richmond, said: "Again the results awarded this year reflect the hard work and dedication of all the hospital staff in reaching excellence in all three areas."

-- from a "press release":http://www.west-middlesex-hospital.nhs.uk/media-centre/press-releases/hospital-provides-an-excellent-service-across-the-board/






