---
layout: post
title: "Become a Cycling Champion for Sky Ride"
permalink: /archives/2011/04/become_a_cycling_champion_for_sky_ride.html
category: around_town
date: 2011-04-27 21:02:02

---

Enthusiastic cyclists in the borough are being invited to come forward and train to be cycle champions as part of a new Sky Ride Local programme in Richmond upon Thames.

Sky Ride Local are a series of small, informal cycle rides coordinated by British Cycling and Richmond Council. The group rides are led by British Cycling trained ride leaders, who guide participants along the route, and provide tips and advice on cycle safety and skills.

British Cycling is looking for enthusiastic residents to get involved in the local Sky Ride programme for 2011. By training as a British Cycling Ride Leader, participants will be able to inspire cyclists and receive a recognised qualification. All ride leaders will receive training on how to prepare to lead a ride, delivering and reviewing a ride, health and safety and the code of conduct.

The training is free and provides you with a formal qualification that can be used outside of the programme, in return for the training cyclists volunteer as a leader on a minimum of four Sky Ride Local rides in Richmond in the late summer and early autumn of 2011.

Approximately 30 ride leaders are required for the launch of the 2011 programme later this spring.

"More information":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council_government_and_democracy/council/civic-offices/departments/communications/press_office/press_releases/april_2011_press_releases/spring_into_sky_ride_-_become_a_cycling_leader.htm

-- from a Richmond Council press release
