---
layout: post
title: "Over 50s flock in their hundreds to the Full of Life Fair"
permalink: /archives/2011/10/over_50s_flock_in_their_hundreds_to_the_full_of_li.html
category: news
date: 2011-10-13 09:11:06
excerpt: |
    500 of Richmond's senior residents took part in Yoga, voice workshops, dance sessions and Pilates amongst a range of other activities at Richmond Council's annual Full of Life Fair that took place on Thursday, 6 October 2011.
    
    The event, which was held at the Harlequins Rugby Club in Twickenham, featured a selection of over 60 informative stalls ranging from advice on Council services to volunteering, housing and care options, health checks and information on local arts, culture and fitness.
    

---

500 of Richmond's senior residents took part in Yoga, voice workshops, dance sessions and Pilates amongst a range of other activities at Richmond Council's annual Full of Life Fair that took place on Thursday, 6 October 2011.

The event, which was held at the Harlequins Rugby Club in Twickenham, featured a selection of over 60 informative stalls ranging from advice on Council services to volunteering, housing and care options, health checks and information on local arts, culture and fitness.

Cllr Nicola Urquhart, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Adult Services and Housing said:

bq.. "I am absolutely delighted that we had such an impressive turn out to the Full of Life Fair. Year on year this event continues to grow in popularity and I must admit it is quickly becoming a firm favourite of mine.

"The event aims to celebrate over 50s in the borough and the huge contribution they have made and continue to make to the community. The aim is to provide residents with up to date, useful and clear information on services and what is available to them locally as well as also being a nice day out where they can meet like minded people and have a free lunch. To add to the excitement of the day the new Champion for Senior Residents, Cllr Rita Palmer attended as well as Cllr Clare Head, the Mayor of Richmond upon Thames.

p. Cllr Rita Palmer, Richmond Council Champion for Senior Residents added:

bq.. "I was so pleased to come to the Full of Life Fair in my new role as the Champion for Senior Residents. It was an excellent opportunity for me to meet with a wide range of organisations and have the chance to talk and listen to some of the residents who attended.

"I am very much so looking forward to my new role as it is a passion of mine to get rid of stereotypes of 'older people' and champion living a healthy, happy and informed later life. It is very important that over 60s have all the information they need about what is available to them be it taxi services, care options or art exhibitions."

p. To keep updated about the Full of Life Fair 2012 contact Abigail Cochrane on 020 8487 5049

<cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release on 10 October 2011</cite>




