---
layout: post
title: "Choral Workshop and Concert - 28 January 2012"
permalink: /archives/2011/12/choral_workshop_and_concert_28_january_2012.html
commentfile: 2011-12-15-choral_workshop_and_concert_28_january_2012
category: around_town
date: 2011-12-15 22:33:26

---

_Eternal Light, a Requiem by Howard Goodall_

<div class="letter">
Dear Singers,

You are warmly welcome to join rehearsing and performing this stunning work. This is open to all. The  'Come & Sing 'day is 11.30am -5.30pm  and the evening performance  at 7pm in Chiswick, West London on Saturday 28 January 2012. St Michael & All Angels, Bedford Park, W4 1TT. District Tube: Turnham Green.

The concert will be accompanied by organ, harp & piano with professional soloists. The concert is a fundraising effort for 'Help for Heroes' and audience members will not be charged an entrance fee, but there will be a collection taken for this worthwhile cause.

To take part in the workshop on this amazing piece  the work shop runs from 11.30am -5.30pm and to sing in the  concert in the evening, 7-8pm; please  see the attached documents or look at our Website "www.addison-singers.org.uk/comeandsing.htm":http://www.addison-singers.org.uk/comeandsing.htm

Please also forward this onto your friends/singers/music teachers for amateur singers or print off copies of the attached flyer for distribution to clubs/churches/schools etc.

The Workshop will be led by David Wordsworth an experienced international Conductor and Musical Director and an enthusiastic supporter of contemporary music.

The event is organised by The Addison Singers. The Addison Singers last classical music workshop was a highly enjoyable day with Bob Chilcott and more recently held a series of lively Jazz Singing Workshops over the summer of 2011.

</div>

h4. Registration Form for Singers

Please click on the link to download the Registration Form which should be completed and returned as soon as possible with your payment to the AS Administrator at 17 Merthyr Terrace, London SW13 8DL. If you require written confirmation please include a stamped address envelop otherwise you will be notified by email.

h4. More Information

Contact our Administrator, Geoffrey Potts on 07531 447960 or email "info@addison-singers.org.uk":mailto:info@addison-singers.org.uk



{% include comments.html %}
