---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Fairport Convention"
permalink: /archives/2011/03/event_reminder_fairport_convention.html
commentfile: 2011-03-10-event_reminder_fairport_convention
category: around_town
date: 2011-03-10 16:51:47
excerpt: |
    Event Reminder: Fairport Convention
    
    <em>"On Saturday, 19<sup>th</sup> March 2011 in The Live Room at Twickenham Stadium":http://stmgrts.org.uk/event/show/200705142726</em>
    
    After virtually creating the British folk rock form in the late 1960s, Fairport Convention proceeded to establish itself as an institution in the genre. Formed in 1967 by guitarist Simon Nicol, they are still going strong today. Their music is a fusion of rock, folk and traditionally-influenced songwriting delivered with wit and charm.
    
    Fairport Convention won the coveted Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2002 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards. Their seminal album Liege And Lief was voted 'Best Folk Album Ever' by Radio 2 listeners and in 2006, it was awarded a Gold Disc for its continuing sales.
    
    This event is also a fundraiser for music in local schools, the first of a series of gigs planned for this excellent venue, its going to be very exciting and Fairport have promised something very special in their set to mark the occasion.
    

---

<em>"On Saturday, 19<sup>th</sup> March 2011 in The Live Room at Twickenham Stadium":http://stmgrts.org.uk/event/show/200705142726</em>

After virtually creating the British folk rock form in the late 1960s, Fairport Convention proceeded to establish itself as an institution in the genre. Formed in 1967 by guitarist Simon Nicol, they are still going strong today. Their music is a fusion of rock, folk and traditionally-influenced songwriting delivered with wit and charm.

Fairport Convention won the coveted Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2002 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards. Their seminal album Liege And Lief was voted 'Best Folk Album Ever' by Radio 2 listeners and in 2006, it was awarded a Gold Disc for its continuing sales.

This event is also a fundraiser for music in local schools, the first of a series of gigs planned for this excellent venue, its going to be very exciting and Fairport have promised something very special in their set to mark the occasion.

<div class="box">

Openside Music is a community project supported by the RFU to raise funds through live music for local schools. The project gives local residents who enjoy live music, the opportunity to have a great night out and raise funds for their local schools.

</div>

h4. Details

* All seated (unreserved). Doors 7pm, Starts 8pm - &pound;20
* Buy tickets - "www.Brandywinemusic.co.uk":http://www.Brandywinemusic.co.uk
* Or Call 07798 767770 / The Rugby Store, York St, Twickenham
* or on the door





{% include comments.html %}
