---
layout: post
title: "Dreamcatcher Film Camp - 24 to 28 October 2011"
permalink: /archives/2011/10/dreamcatcher_film_camp_24_to_28_october_2011.html
category: around_town
date: 2011-10-06 09:22:15

---

After a very successful summer running Film Camps in Notting Hill, Elstree and Twickenham Film Studios, Dreamcatcher Media have announced their Mid-term break Film Camp running from 24<sup>th</sup> to 28<sup>th</sup> October. Director David O'Keeffe says;

bq. "We had a great summer with films being made on a whole range of subjects and completed to a very high standard indeed. It was wonderful to see the children being highly creative and coming up with their own film ideas."

Some students have entered their films for film festivals with one picking up a prize at Bedford Park Festival in Chiswick early in the Summer.

This Mid-term break the Camp for 8 - 16 year olds will run at Cole Court, London Road, Twickenham TW1 1HD from Monday 24<sup>th</sup> to Friday 28<sup>th</sup> October. This new venue for us is minutes walk from Twickenham and St Margarets stations. It offers more space with the large house, including cafe and training rooms, set in its own beautiful grounds. Off-street parking spaces are available for pick ups and drop offs.



Children come for five days 9-2pm and learn the basic principles of filmmaking. They learn to plan, script, and direct a movie and put this learning into action when they form a production team to make their own short film. Along the way, they get to play the range of different production roles including director, cameraperson, scriptwriter, sound operator and more.  Business Secretary Vince Cable MP has described these courses as "valuable and imaginative".

Booking has started already, so if you'd like your child to have some exciting filming opportunities this mid-term break, please book now. You can book directly on our website "www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":http://www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk or by calling us at Twickenham Film Studios on 0208 607 7273. E-mail: "info@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":mailto:info@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk
