---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; For Sanity's Sake Christmas Party - 13 December 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/11/event_reminder_for_sanitys_sake_christmas_party_14.html
commentfile: 2012-11-09-event_reminder_for_sanitys_sake_christmas_party_14
category: around_town
date: 2012-11-09 21:42:33

---

_Mums in the Borough prepare to party this Christmas with For Sanity's Sake_

For the first time ever, local community website, For Sanity's Sake is hosting a Christmas party for adults in the borough. This exciting festive bonanza is to be held from 8pm - 2am on 13 December 2012 at The Patch night club, Twickenham.

Guaranteed to be an incredible event, party-goers will enjoy an evening of flirty burlesque cabaret performed by the Burlesque Academy of Dance's finest dancers choreographed by ex-Moulin Rouge dancer - Miranda Llewelyn. In addition, there will be festive songs from the Tempo Tots Choir and a DJ until the early hours.


"Mums often miss out on a Christmas party," says Rachel McLean, co-founder of For Sanity's Sake. "This year we wanted to provide those mums who stay at home and those who work hard juggling jobs and children with the chance to come together to celebrate Christmas with For Sanity's Sake. Tickets are reasonably priced at &pound;15 and we have created a number of group packages to encourage Mums to bring their partners and friends - it's a party for all.

"The show will be a world of decadence, fun and delight - a total escape to unwind and be entertained," say McLean. "This friendly night of fun is the perfect opportunity for friends to get together, catch up, meet others locally and party! There's a private bar decked in pink strobe lights and chill out zones with comfy sofas for anyone with tired feet or those who fancy chatting away from the music."

All funds raised from the party will go to paying for the event and to raise money to create a For Sanity's Sake app so that Mum's can access the essential information For Sanity's Sake provides on the go. For more information visit "www.forsanityssake.com/event":http://www.forsanityssake.com/event

h4. More Information

* 13 December 2012, 8pm-2am at The Patch Night Club, Twickenham
* Tickets - "fsspartygroups.eventbrite.com":http://fsspartygroups.eventbrite.com
** Individual bookings - &pound;15 per ticket
** Double ticket - buy two tickets together for &pound;25 instead of &pound;30 total. A saving of &pound;5 when you buy a ticket for a partner or friend
** Group ticket - buy four tickets together at &pound;15 each and the fifth ticket is FREE. A group saving of &pound;15

_Note, updated date to the 13<sup>th</sup> from the 14<sup>th</sup> December 2012_ 



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
