---
layout: post
title: "Olympic Events in Richmond Borough"
permalink: /archives/2012/07/olympic_events_in_richmond_borough.html
category: news
date: 2012-07-08 17:33:30

---

Richmond upon Thames features strongly in the build up to the London 2012 games with the Torch relay passing through the Borough twice.

The Borough is also at the heart of the road cycling events with road races and time trials using local roads.


h4. "Olympic Torch Relay - 24 July 2012":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143433

The torch starts in Kingston at around 8.20am and is expected to enter the borough in Ham at approximately 9.50am. The torch will then proceed through to Richmond and Kew before heading on to Hounslow at approximately 11.25am.

_Roads on and adjoining the route will be closed to allow the procession to pass._

h4. "Olympic Torch Relay - 27 July 2012":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143434

Starting in Bushy Park (Diana Fountain) at 6.55am the torch will then travel up the River Thames from Hampton Court to Barnes on a small flotilla before continuing the journey to the Olympic Stadium.

Both locks will be used at Teddington. Members of the public will not be allowed onto the central island.


h4. Men's Road Race - 28 July 2012

The race will pass through the borough twice:

* "Richmond Gate to Surrey - 10.20am to 10:40am (approximate times)":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143435
* "Hampton Court to Kingston Bridge - 3:10pm to 3:15pm (approximate times)":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143436



h4. Women's Road Race - 29 July 2012

The race will pass through the borough twice:

* "Richmond Gate to Surrey - 12:30pm to 12:45pm":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143438
* "Hampton Court to Kingston Bridge - 3:15pm to 3:35pm":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143437




h4. "Time Trial Route Rehearsal - 31 July 2012":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143439

Olympic riders will be familiarising themselves with the route that starts and finishes at Hampton court Palace.


h4. Individual Time Trials - 1 August 2012

The time trails start and finish at Hampton court Palace.

* "Women: 12.30pm to 1.45pm":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143440
* "Men: 14.15pm to 16.05pm":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143441




