---
layout: post
title: "White Knight Buys Twickenham Film Studios"
permalink: /archives/2012/07/white_knight_buys_twickenham_film_studios.html
commentfile: 2012-07-21-white_knight_buys_twickenham_film_studios
category: news
date: 2012-07-21 07:06:08

---

The successful acquisition of Twickenham Film Studios (TFS) has been completed by Twickenham Studios Ltd. (TSL) it was announced today by Sunny Vohra, Managing Director of TSL.

The new owners will work with existing staff and management to plan the refurbishments and improvements at the Studios, raising the standard of services and technology offered to the industry.  There will be increased employment opportunities at the Studios with investment in additional staff to make the Studio a hive of creativity and an exceptional place to work.


The Studios have been in constant operation for almost one hundred years providing the best quality stages and post-production facilities for film and television productions and celebrations of that achievement will continue through the coming year.

It was also announced that Maria Walker has been appointed to the newly created position of Chief Operating Officer for TFS.  In this capacity Ms. Walker will be responsible for Sales, Marketing and ongoing business development.  She recently spearheaded the 'Save Twickenham Studios' campaign, bringing the local community and leading industry figures together as a show of support to keep the Studios active.  Her enthusiasm impressed the new owners with the energy and commitment Maria made to the campaign.
 
bq. "The recent press, industry and public interest in the Studios has shown how important the Studios are to the industry and to the borough of Richmond and local community.  It is our intention to work closely with all parties to provide a facility that enhances the local area," said Ms. Walker.  "I am extremely honoured to have been given this opportunity to reactivate the studio and am looking forward to the challenges ahead.  TFS has been delivering excellence to the industry for almost one hundred years and in my role I want to see that continue."

Ms. Walker is a respected post-production supervisor who has a long-standing association with the studio stretching back nearly thirty years. Amongst the productions she's worked on there include: "In America", "The Count of Monte Cristo" and just recently "Fast Girls". She is also a resident of Twickenham

<cite>-- from a TSF Press Release - 17 July 2012</cite>



{% include comments.html %}
