---
layout: post
title: "Open Events for 2013 at  St Stephen's CE Primary School"
permalink: /archives/2012/09/open_events_for_2013_at_st_stephens_ce_primary_sch.html
commentfile: 2012-09-29-open_events_for_2013_at_st_stephens_ce_primary_sch
category: around_town
date: 2012-09-29 10:23:21

---

* Is your child starting Reception or Year Three in 2013?
* Are you looking for a stimulating and bright environment for your child to learn in?
* Do you want you child to be in a local school that has a proven track record of providing a fantastic education for the St Margarets community for more than one hundred years?
* Is top quality pastoral care priority?

If the answer is 'yes' to any of the above questions you should come along to the St Stephen's CE Primary School Open Evening on Thursday 18<sup>th</sup> October at 7p.m. in our School Hall on our main Winchester Road site. This is an invaluable opportunity to meet many members of our school community and learn first hand what a St Stephen's education can provide for your child. Headteacher Liz Stubbs and Assistant Head Helen Munroe of Reception will be on hand to answer any questions.

It is a very exciting time to be part of the St Stephen's school community. Our ongoing building programme is providing our children with state-of-the-art facilities for the twenty first century. Year Three will be based on our main site, while our Reception intake will be initially housed in our newly-equipped Amyand House site before moving up to Winchester Road.

We could tell you about our marvellous facilities and top-notch teaching staff, but a visit to our sites is a perfect way for you to find out for yourselves. Call our school office on 0208 892 3462 to book in for your tour.

h4. Reception Tours at Amyand House site

* 9.30a.m.Thursday November 8th
* 9.30a.m. Friday November 9th

h4. Junior Tours at Winchester Road site

* 9.30a.m.Thursday November 15th
* 9.30a.m. Friday November 16th

The St Stephen's team is looking forward to meeting you.




{% include comments.html %}
