---
layout: post
title: "Dreamcatcher Film Camps to Survive Twickenham Studios Closure"
permalink: /archives/2012/04/dreamcatcher_film_camps_to_survive_twickenham_stud.html
category: around_town
date: 2012-04-25 20:18:29

---

You may have heard about the impending closure of Twickenham Film Studios and wondered what's happening to our Film Camps this summer. Well, although we're very sad to see the demise of such historic studios, we're delighted to announce that we have now found a smart new home for our Camps at Falcons Boys School in the heart of Richmond.

We're very grateful to our new sponsors the Alpha Plus Group who are accomodating us at the school for the summer. It has excellent facilities for children and already we can see how its many indoor and enclosed outdoor spaces will be used imaginatively by our aspiring young filmmakers! With Richmond Station just 5 minutes walk away, the school offers excellent transport links via the District Line, London Overground and South West trains, along with a range of local bus routes.

Our Easter Film Camp at the school was a great success. Our Summer Film Camps begin on the 9<sup>th</sup> July and will run every week Monday to Friday until 31<sup>st</sup> August. Start and finishing times will remain the same at 9am and 2pm respectively.

Bookings are now open and despite the uncertainties in the local press about Twickenham Studios, we've already had lots of enquiries, so don't put your booking on the long finger! Please note that our other venues at Elstree Film Studios and the Electric Cinema Notting Hill remain unchanged.

We have exciting plans for new activities to pass on additional filmmaking skills to this summer's students, who are sure to have some fun along the way as well. So get the diary out and book now!

h4. More Information

* Dates: 9<sup>th</sup> July to 31<sup>st</sup> August 2012
* Times: Monday to Friday 9am to 2pm
* Venue: Falcons Boys Preparatory School, 41 Kew Foot Road, Richmond TW9
2SS
* Enquiry Line: 0784 679 8856
* Email: "davidok@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":mailto:davidok@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk
* For more information about our Film Camps, find us at
"www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk/summer-camp/":http://www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk/summer-camp/ "
