---
layout: post
title: "Richmond May Fair Ball 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/02/richmond_may_fair_ball_2012.html
commentfile: 2012-02-03-richmond_may_fair_ball_2012
category: around_town
date: 2012-02-03 11:44:36

---

_Friday 11 May, The Green, Richmond_

Over 200 eager Ball fans have already reserved their tickets for the Richmond May Fair Ball, which takes place on Friday 11 May in a beautiful marquee on Richmond Green.

In this, its 19<sup>th</sup> thriving year, the Ball proceeds will be shared between two highly deserving local charities. SPEAR is working with homeless and vulnerable people in and around Richmond, successfully transforming lives while operating a hostel, an outreach team, a tenancy support service, and a young persons' project, with a team also working with people who have drug and alcohol problems. The second beneficiary, Richmond's very own renowned Orange Tree Theatre, provides an exceptional variety of workshops and quality productions throughout the year for children both from the Borough and across the country. On average, every year nearly 15,000 young and elderly people benefit from the theatre's exciting Community and Education programme.

Tickets are strictly limited and cost &pound;125 per person including a generous Champagne Reception, gourmet four course dinner with wine and dancing to a live band.

Throughout the evening, guests have ample opportunity to peruse the 5-star Silent Auction, with its choice of jewellery, hard to obtain work experience packages, spa days and rugby match tickets to name just a few of the items available. In addition, and with the assistance of several local well-known celebrities, the exciting Live Auction, with auctioneer provided by Sotheby's, and the raffle offer a host of exciting experiences and valuable luxury items.

Other attractions of the evening include the Vodka Luges, two solid ice structures, where guests purchase flavoured or plain iced vodka shots. Finally, guests move onto the dance floor to enjoy a fantastic live band until the early hours of Saturday morning.

To reserve tables call Gillian Thorpe on 020 8940 0141 or email "gillian.thorpe@orangetreetheatre.co.uk":mailto:gillian.thorpe@orangetreetheatre.co.uk




{% include comments.html %}
