---
layout: post
title: "Orleans Gallery Exhibition- Richmond's Royal Connections"
permalink: /archives/2012/05/orleans_gallery_exhibition_richmonds_royal_connect.html
category: around_town
date: 2012-05-11 08:02:25

---

To mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, The Leader of the Council, Lord True, opened an exhibition showcasing the Borough's royal history, at Orleans House Gallery in Twickenham.

The Royal Connections exhibition is a culmination of a &pound;40,000 project funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund exploring over 500 years of Richmond's Royal past. On display are works from the Borough's art collection, as well as external loans from the prestigious Phillip Mould Gallery and National Portrait Gallery. Over 100 people from the local community helped curate the exhibit which plans to tell the story of Borough's intimate royal connections.

Cllr Pamela Fleming, Richmond Council's Strategic Cabinet Member for Communities, Business and Culture, said

bq.. "The Royal Connections exhibition is a fantastic way to celebrate and share the story of the Borough's rich royal history with a personal touch.

I am sure the Royal Connections exhibition will be a highlight of the Borough's Jubilee celebrations and I look forward to visiting myself, seeing the magnificent art on display and hearing resident's' stories and experiences of royalty from the past 60 years."

p. The Royal Connections exhibition runs until Sunday, 17 June 2012.

h4. More Information

* Orleans House Gallery, Riverside, Twickenham, TW1 3DJ.
* _Free admission_
* Gallery open Tuesday-Saturday 1.00-5.30pm, Sunday 2.00-5.30pm
* Tel: 020 8831 6000
* Email: "artsinfo@richmond.gov.uk":mailto:artsinfo@richmond.gov.uk
* Website: "www.richmond.gov.uk/arts":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/arts



