---
layout: post
title: "Twickenham Riverside to be Opened by Princess Alexandra - 23 June 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/06/twickenham_riverside_to_be_opened_by_princess_alex.html
category: news
date: 2012-06-13 22:27:50

---

A Royal guest will officially open Twickenham Riverside as part of a weekend of special events to mark the eagerly anticipated unveiling of the Diamond Jubilee Gardens.

Following over 30 years of neglect, a six month intensive on-site activity has transformed the former Twickenham Lido pool site into a stunning public garden overlooking the Thames. Twickenham's Diamond Jubilee Gardens will be officially opened on 23 June by Princess Alexandra who will be shown around the garden by Lord True, Leader of Richmond Council. Around 200 guests will attend the 1930s themed ceremony to toast the landmark regeneration achievement.

The site will then be opened up to the public on 24 June through an action packed day of free activities. A number of bands will perform live on the main stage throughout the day with family friendly activities to include a 1930's traditional showground with a coconut shy, ball-in-the-bucket and Hoopla. There will also be face painting, balloon modelling and street performers. Gates open at 11am and the event will close at 6pm.

Completion of the work, cements the Council promise to open the Twickenham Riverside for all people to enjoy and make 2012 a year for celebration. The site has been sympathetically designed to reflect its history and indeed the original diving board has been retained and incorporated into the landscape of the gardens. The lawn has also been sectioned into 'swimming pool lanes' and is located exactly where the swimming pool was positioned.

The Sunshine Café has been extended to include a new patio seating area next to the lawn and the area next to the where the old changing rooms were has been paved to create a public performance square.

<cite>-- from Richmond Council press release - "8 June 2012":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/twickenham_riverside_to_be_opened_by_royal_approval</cite>
