---
layout: post
title: "Fun with your kids at Easter with For Sanity's Sake - 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/03/fun_with_your_kids_at_easter_with_for_sanitys_sake.html
commentfile: 2012-03-16-fun_with_your_kids_at_easter_with_for_sanitys_sake
category: around_town
date: 2012-03-16 10:08:17

---

_Gym & Play and Musical Theatre Events_

With the Easter Holidays around the corner, parents will be thinking of activities to fill their time whilst normal play groups and other activities take a break. For Sanity Sake has come to the rescue by organising two fun and interactive events to suit babies and toddlers.

h4. Gym and Play

At the 'Gym and Play' on Tuesday 3<sup>rd</sup> April 2012 between 9.30am and 12.30pm, there's an opportunity for youngsters to roll, jump, balance, slide, bend, swing, tunnel at The Little Gym in Hampton Hill with expert staff to help them achieve their full movement potential. Kids can be as adventurous as they like on the beams, bars, mats, swings, tunnels, giant rolling balls and rollers as it's all soft and safe. There will also be half an hour of play and craft time and a chance for parents to meet and make friends over a cup of tea and home-made cake! The cost is &pound;5 per child and booking is necessary at "www.forsanityssake.com/events":http://www.forsanityssake.com/events.

h4. Spring into Springtime

On Tuesday 17<sup>th</sup> April between 10am and 12pm at Duke Street Church, Richmond, For Sanity's Sake is hosting a musical theatre event called 'Spring into Springtime' with West End actors Tim and Emily Mascarenhas, who run Caterpillar Music. This is the perfect introduction to theatre for little ones as it will be a fun and interactive show including acting, singing, dancing, bubbles, lots of props and, of course, the cute caterpillar himself - he's a fresh faced hairy guy who all the children adore. Both Tim and Emily have trained stage voices so they will entrance both parents and children alike. The cost is &pound;9 per child and booking is necessary at "www.forsanityssake.com/events":http://www.forsanityssake.com/events.

Places are limited for both events so you should book now to avoid disappointment.

For further information please contact Rachel Mclean on tel. 07796 922 321 or email "Rachel@forsanityssake.com":mailto:Rachel@forsanityssake.com.



{% include comments.html %}
