---
layout: post
title: "Help Jeevika Trust 'Walk for Water' - 30 September 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/09/help_jeevika_trust_walk_for_water_30_september_201.html
commentfile: 2012-09-29-help_jeevika_trust_walk_for_water_30_september_201
category: around_town
date: 2012-09-29 10:39:40

---

_Join Hampton Wick's own international charity on a journey on Sunday, 30<sup>th</sup> September 2012_

Despite India's burgeoning economy her rural villages remain the world's biggest poverty trap. At Jeevika Trust we want to take action for the half of the world who lives without a kitchen sink and the millions of Indian village women who have to walk on average 6 km/3.8 miles a day for water.

On Sunday 30<sup>th</sup> September Jeevika is inviting the local community and Friends of Jeevika Trust to our sixth annual The Walk has been redesigned with an exciting new route around the royal Bushy Park past Hampton Court palace. Walkers will be seeking sponsors to back up their efforts, and for those with a sense of adventure we offer the extra challenge of carrying a five gallon container for the second half of the walk.

Jeevika Trust Director, Andrew Redpath, says: "This is our chance once a year to speak direct to our neighbours and friends in Hampton Wick and further afield: and a chance for our supporters to make new acquaintances, walking together for a great cause. We look forward to having good company, and hope the weather will smile on us!"

The six mile journey will be rewarded with an Indian tea reception in the charming riverside garden of the Glass House. Here all supporters are welcome to join in the games including a race whilst balancing water on your head and a raffle with exclusive prizes!

The Walk will take place from 2 pm to 5 pm, starting at the Kcafe on Church Grove, Hampton Wick.

h4. More Information

People who would like to take part in Jeevika Trust's 'Walk for Water' can get more information and register their place by:

* visiting the website "www.jeevika.org.uk/WalkforWater2012.htm":http://www.jeevika.org.uk/WalkforWater2012.htm 
* emailing "becky@jeevika.org.uk":mailto:becky@jeevika.org.uk 
* calling 020 8973 3773 (Tuesday/Thursday or leave a message)


{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
