---
layout: post
title: "Water Main Repairs at Richmond and Crown Road Junction - UPDATED until 20 July 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/07/water_main_repairs_at_richmond_and_crown_road_junc.html
category: news
date: 2012-07-08 17:30:33

---

<div class="box">
Unfortunately we had to postpone this work as we discovered that the leak was located on another water main.

We will now be re-starting work on 9 July. Work will take place opposite 281 Richmond Road and we will be using two way traffic lights for five days. We will then move on to opposite 185 Richmond Road where we will be using three way traffic lights at the junction of Crown Road. These works will be finished by 20th July 2012
</div>

MGJV is working in partnership with Thames Water to repair two leaks found on the water mains in Richmond Road area.

We are due to start work Opposite 281 Richmond Road on Wednesday 27 June and expect to take nine days to complete. We will move to Opposite 185 Richmond Road on Friday 6 July and expect to take nine days to complete. Our normal working hours will be from 7.30am to 6.00pm Monday to Friday, from 8am to 3.00pm on Saturday, from 8.30am to 2.00pm Sunday.

Your water supply will not be affected by this work.

We have consulted London Borough of Richmond upon Thames to ensure that traffic disruption is kept to a minimum, but would like to apologise for any inconvenience our work may cause.

If you need to contact us, please call our Customer Centre on 0845 641 0011, quoting your address and reference number CAP 5 / BB 104351 The lines are always open.

<cite>-- from a MGJV letter</cite>
