---
layout: post
title: "Running for RACC"
permalink: /archives/2012/12/running_for_racc.html
category: around_town
date: 2012-12-20 09:39:44

---

_Fund raising for students with learning difficulties and disabilities at Richmond Adult Community College_

Richmond Adult Community College is one of 360 adult education colleges in the UK but the only one with a specific adult mission that includes comprehensive learner support for students with learning difficulties and disabilities.

As government funding has reduced it has become increasingly difficult to maintain the level of support that these students need and deserve. The answer is to run round Richmond Park.

We are putting together a team of ten people to run in the Richmond Park Marathon on Sunday May 5 with a target to raise &pound;3000 from a mix of individual and team sponsorship. All funds raised going directly to the college LLDD support fund.

It is only &pound;31 to enter which includes an informal but professional structured training schedule and a free 'Running for RACC' T Shirt.

Join the 'Running for RACC' team to raise &pound;3000 for supported learning (LLDD) students.

_There are just six places left._

If you would like to join us contact

Joanna Rutherford, "joanna.rutherford@racc.ac.uk":mailto:joanna.rutherford@racc.ac.uk

or

Geoff Varrall, "geoff@rttonline.com":mailto:geoff@rttonline.com, 07710 020040 or 0208 892 6433



h4. About the Richmond Park Marathon

"richmondparkmarathon.co.uk":http://richmondparkmarathon.co.uk/
Now in its third year this is a great run through stunning deer studded scenery and right on our door step.

The hills can be a bit of a challenge but what a great way to get fit!

h4. Fund raising for RACC

An independent registered charity The Portcullis Trust (PT 281564) has been raising funds for the college for over thirty years.

If you are interested in joining as a trustee or being involved in any way do please contact us.




