---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58;  Art Picnic at the Rose Theatre - 27 January 2013"
permalink: /archives/2012/12/event_reminder_art_picnic_at_the_rose_theatre_27_j.html
commentfile: 2012-12-20-event_reminder_art_picnic_at_the_rose_theatre_27_j
category: around_town
date: 2012-12-20 10:22:45

---

"Sunday 27<sup>th</sup> January 2013 - 11am to 4pm":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143741

The first Art Picnic of 2013, by popular request, is once again at The Rose Theatre in Kingston Upon Thames.  An experienced Tutor is on hand who is happy to help, or offer advice, if needed. Last year the group were fortunate to be there while rehearsals were in progress, so apart from attractive architecture, they were able to draw figures in movement.  We have heard that The Swing Dance session will again be on at the theatre that day so we can join in and sketch the dancers too!   I'm sure you will have a very enjoyable day. Advance booking is essential so please let me know if you would like to go to this art picnic.

If you don't have your own art materials please let the office know.

Don't forget to bring a picnic lunch

ADVANCE BOOKING ESSENTIAL

h4. More Information

* Please call the office on 020 8891 5455 or email:  "office@environmenttrust.co.uk":mailto:office@environmenttrust.co.uk
* Individual:  &pound;20 (Environment Trust members &pound;15)
* 12-16 year olds &pound;5; Children under 12 go FREE !
* Family tickets &pound;25
(Family tickets are for a maximum of 2 adults & 2 children, at least one of whom is under 16 years old)
* Pay-on-the-day prices: Individual &pound;25 (ET members &pound;20)
* A Bargain!! Purchase 6 "tickets" for &pound;100 (ET members &pound;75)
* Contact on the day :  Ros Newby  07743 893549



{% include comments.html %}
