---
layout: post
title: "A New Fair in Twickenham"
permalink: /archives/2012/03/a_new_fair_in_twickenham.html
commentfile: 2012-03-01-a_new_fair_in_twickenham
category: news
date: 2012-03-01 19:07:59

---

V&A Fairs take great pleasure in announcing they have been invited to organise an _Antiques, Vintage & Collectors Fair_ at Richmond upon Thames Community Sports Hall in Twickenham, starting on Sunday 1<sup>st</sup> April 2012.  This fair will be followed by three further dates during the year on 10<sup>th</sup> June, 2<sup>nd</sup> September and 4<sup>th</sup> November.

This quality fair which has the capacity to hold 80 inside stands is conveniently situated on the main A316, next to The Stoop Memorial Ground (home of the Harlequins Rugby Club) and opposite the world famous Twickenham Rugby Ground, being only 20 minutes from Central London! The venue also has the added bonus of offering free parking for everyone and has excellent flat unloading access for standholders. V&A Fairs who are renowned for their high profile marketing will be promoting this new event with newspaper/trade advertising, radio, web coverage, wide spread poster/flyer distribution and road signage. The combination of a superb location, free parking, extensive marketing, competitive stand prices and a successful track record from V&A Fairs, will certainly make this a very popular event with everyone during 2012.


V&A Fairs, who recently celebrated their 10<sup>th</sup> year organising Antique Fairs are delighted to be acquiring this new fair to complement their existing portfolio. Many of you will already be aware that V&A Fairs have organised 5 well-established venues in the North West for many years. A spokesperson for V&A Fairs said 'We would like to invite both our existing regulars and all new standholders to come and take part in this exciting new event. Our Antiques Fair will also incorporate Vintage, Stamps, Postcards & Ephemera and we would like to encourage these dealers to join us - a warm welcome is extended to all.'

Standholders are advised to make advanced reservations as soon as possible in order to avoid disappointment.

For further details and stand reservations, please call V&A Fairs on:

* 01938 580438
* "www.vandafairs.com":http://www.vandafairs.com


<cite>from a press release</cite>


{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
