---
layout: post
title: "High Court Gives Go Ahead for Twickenham Station"
permalink: /archives/2012/12/high_court_gives_go_ahead_for_twickenham_station.html
commentfile: 2012-12-21-high_court_gives_go_ahead_for_twickenham_station
category: news
date: 2012-12-21 17:21:36

---

_Richmond Council is delighted that today a High Court Judge has given the green light to a local Planning Committee decision to redevelop Twickenham Train Station._

In December 2011, the Planning Committee granted planning permission for a development by Solum (a partnership of the landowners Network Rail whose support is required for any planning proposal to be developed and Kier Ltd) which had been scaled down from a previous proposal. The development includes key improvements to the station, incorporating a new modern entrance and ticket hall, lifts to all platforms, improved public transport interchange facilities, a caf&#233;, a riverside walk and a new public plaza with an enabling development of flats above the scheme.


The Greater London Authority and Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government can intervene in certain types of planning applications such as this should they have particular concerns. However, after consideration of the decision and other representations, both announced that they would not be overriding Richmond Planning Committee's decision.

Since the decision was made a local campaign group, the Twickenham Residents Action Group (TRAG) has sought to challenge it and presented its case to the High Court. Following consideration of the application, a Judge granted permission for a full hearing with the parties presenting their respective cases at Court.

At a Court hearing, the Judge reviewed all the evidence presented and agreed with the Council that the process followed was correct and the decision properly made. The claimants also requested leave to appeal, which was refused by the Judge.

<cite>from a Richmond Council press release - "21 December 2012":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council_government_and_democracy/council/civic-offices/departments/communications/press_office/press_releases/december_2012_press_releases/high_court_gives_go_ahead_for_twickenham_train_station_redevelopment.htm</cite>



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
