---
layout: post
title: "Save Twickenham Film Studios!"
permalink: /archives/2012/03/save_twickenham_film_studios.html
commentfile: 2012-03-20-save_twickenham_film_studios
category: around_town
date: 2012-03-20 12:05:00

---

_stop unwanted development in your neighbourhood_

Twickenham Film Studios, which has stood in the heart of St Margarets for ninety nine years, is in imminent danger of being sold to property developers Taylor Wimpey. They are planning to redevelop the 2.25 acre site with a mixture of residential flats, shops and offices.

Twickenham Studios still attracts big film industry names such as Steven Spielberg, despite a lack of interest by the studios' absent owners. It is an important part of the British Film Industry and whatever you may have heard, Twickenham Films Studios, given a chance could flourish once more.

If sold to a developer such as Taylor Wimpey, we the residents of St Margarets and Twickenham will be faced with:

* Years of disruption and noise
* Added congestion on roads and more pressure on parking
* Further strain on public transport
* Increased competition for places at oversubscribed schools.

Twickenham Film Studios is a little bit of Hollywood on our doorstep. It enhances the character of St Margarets. A new housing development at the centre of our neighbourhood would be detrimental.

IF YOU DISAGREE WITH THE SALE OF TWICKENHAM FILM STUDIOS, YOU ONLY HAVE UNTIL THE 23RD MARCH TO PROTEST!

Please write to our local MP, to tell him you do not want this site to be redeveloped (including your name and address):

Vince Cable, 2a Lion Road, Twickenham. TW1 4JQ "cablev@parliament.uk":mailto:cablev@parliament.uk

Please send an email or letter stating you don't agree with the demolition of Twickenham Studios and would protest against a change of use for the site.

For further information, links, or if you're not sure what to write go to:

* "www.SaveTwickenhamStudios.com":http://www.SaveTwickenhamStudios.com
* follow us on Facebook at "www.facebook.com/savetfs":http://www.facebook.com/savetfs


<cite>-- from Maria Walker</cite>


{% include comments.html %}
