---
layout: post
title: "Apply for Parking Permits with your Richmond Account"
permalink: /archives/2012/09/apply_for_parking_permits_with_your_richmond_accou.html
category: news
date: 2012-09-29 09:54:17

---

Richmond Council has made applying for parking permits for people living in a CPZ easier than ever before thanks to a newly launched online service.

The Council has made significant improvements for residents applying for parking permits online using the Richmond Account.

Residents who have activated their council tax details on the Richmond Account, an online one-stop-shop for Council services, will no longer have to provide proof of address when applying for a parking permit. For the first time the Council's systems are being used to match up proof of address instead of demanding proof from residents. This provides customers with a streamlined and efficient user experience, and will also deliver considerable time savings when applications are processed in the Parking team.

Cllr Chris Harrison, Cabinet Member for Highways and Transport, said: "Applying for parking permits can often be a laborious and time consuming process. Using this new and streamlined service online means that it will now be easier and quicker to obtain a parking permit, as well as having access to other services and Council news."

By signing up to a "Richmond Account":https://www2.richmond.gov.uk/Account/Member/ParkingPermits.aspx, you can also get weekly emails with useful council information and news, manage your parking, garden waste and Council Tax in a user-friendly online customer account on the Council website. Many more services will be coming soon.




