---
layout: post
title: "Finally, Richmond Council Consultation on Clifden Road Site "
permalink: /archives/2012/01/finally_richmond_council_consultation_on_clifden_r.html
category: news
date: 2012-01-20 22:33:30

---

Council statement:

Use of the Clifden Road Site, Twickenham [Consultation of residents by the borough council]

_January 17, 2012 6:38 PM_

LAST year, the Council agreed to buy the Clifden Road site of Richmond Adult Community College and is now considering whether to make the site available to establish:

* a five-form Voluntary Aided Catholic secondary school[1]; and
* a one-form Voluntary Aided Catholic primary school with some community places.[2]

The Council is aware that many people in the borough hold strong views on the type of education, if any, that should be provided at Clifden Road. This consultation provides an opportunity for residents to have their say on the proposals for the site.

Your views are important to us and the information you provide will help the Council understand residents' concerns and priorities prior to making its decision about how the site will be used. Please complete the survey by 5 pm on the 16<sup>th</sup> March 2012. You can complete the survey online or you can request a paper copy by contacting Matthew Paul by email "m.paul@richmond.gov.uk":mailto:m.paul@richmond.gov.uk or by phone 8891 7588. 

Please read through the consultation documents and the glossary before completing the survey.

* Start date: 20 January 2012; End date: 16 March 2012
* "Consultation document":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/consultation_on_use_of_clifden_road_site_january-march_2012.pdf
* "Online survey":https://richmond.firmstep.com/default.aspx/RenderForm/?F.Name=KQ9V6ub42Zk&HideToolbar=1

fn1. State-funded school maintained by a faith organisation's board of education;
fn2. State-funded school maintained by a faith organisation's board of education, but which would have some places open to the wider community on the basis of proximity to the school.

<cite>-- from Christopher Squire</cite>






