---
layout: post
title: "Dreamcatcher Film Camps Go On Despite Closure of Studios"
permalink: /archives/2012/03/dreamcatcher_film_camps_go_on_despite_closure_of_s.html
commentfile: 2012-03-01-dreamcatcher_film_camps_go_on_despite_closure_of_s
category: around_town
date: 2012-03-01 19:28:22

---

We're all sad here at Dreamcatcher Media that Twickenham Film Studios have gone into administration. The studios have been home to our 5 day Film Camps for several years now and its back alleys and rooms have been put to very creative uses as locations for our enthusiastic young filmmakers! We thank the studios for their support and sponsorship for the last few years and send all the helpful staff there our good wishes at this difficult time.

In the meantime, we will continue to run an Easter Film Camp at Cole Court, London Road, Twickenham - only a stone's throw from Twickenham railway station and within walking distance of St Margarets. Due to the bank holiday, we will run for 4 days this time from 2<sup>nd</sup> to 5<sup>th</sup> April. We may add additional dates so if these dates don't suit, let us know.

For those readers whose children may not have attended the Camps previously, children aged 8-17 are taught the basics of film production and then form a production team to make their own short film. Along the way, they get to play all the different production roles from director and scriptwriter to cameraperson and sound operator. It's an amazing, fun learning experience. You can read more about the film camps at "www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":http://www.dreamcatchermedia.co.uk.

For enquiries please call 0208 607 7273 or email "davidok@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk":mailto:davidok@dreamcatchermedia.co.uk.





{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
