---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; EcoTales Festival at Orleans House Gallery - 5 May 2013"
permalink: /archives/2013/04/event_reminder_ecotales_festival_at_orleans_house.html
commentfile: 2013-04-23-event_reminder_ecotales_festival_at_orleans_house
category: around_town
date: 2013-04-23 22:01:30

---

_A free festival will showcase pedal-powered pop-up cinema and children's sculptures in a fun day of family activities._

People can get involved in art workshops, a mini safari, a sea urchins fashion show or watch short film entries to the EcoTales film challenge at a cinema where the electricity for the show is produced by a cycling audience.

Special guest Sir David Attenborough will be attending to present the film challenge awards.

A giant albatross made out of plastic milk bottles created by Stanley school in Richmond will be on show alongside other life size marine creations. A whale, sea turtle, and a seal will all form part of an 'underwater' art trail highlighting the problems of plastic pollution. Richmond borough based organisation EcoTales, has worked with local schools to create the sculptures entirely out of plastic rubbish.



Michaela Strachan, TV wildlife presenter, who is on the panel of judges for the film challenge said: "Plastic pollution is a real problem. It is vital that young people understand the implications for wildlife. The EcoTales project is a great way for children to learn and be part of the solution."

A typical plastic bottle can take 1,000 years to break down, while debris is increasingly polluting the planet.

Zac Goldsmith, MP for Richmond Park and North Kingston said: "We have treated the earth and particularly the seas as a giant dust bin for decades now, and have done enormous harm. It's wonderful therefore that this project has captured young peoples' imagination the length and breadth of the Borough. The festival will be a true green extravaganza."

The EcoTales Festival takes place "12-5pm on May 5<sup>th</sup> at Orleans House Gallery, Twickenham Riverside, TW1 3DJ":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/fair/200705143874

Visit "www.ecotales.co.uk":http://www.ecotales.co.uk for further information and find out how you can help make a whale for the art trail by joining Twickenham Riverside Trust's sculpture workshops, taking place 11am to 3pm at the Jubilee Gardens, Twickenham on the 4<sup>th</sup> May and 11am-12pm on the 5<sup>th</sup> May.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
