---
layout: post
title: "Have you kept your New Year's Resolution to keep fit?  Why not walk?"
permalink: /archives/2013/01/have_you_kept_your_new_years_resolution_to_keep_fi.html
commentfile: 2013-01-31-have_you_kept_your_new_years_resolution_to_keep_fi
category: around_town
date: 2013-01-31 16:22:53

---

Breast Cancer Care is imploring supporters across London to take action by pulling on their walking boots and challenging themselves to a 10 or 20 mile "Pink Ribbonwalk":http://www.pinkribbonwalk.org.uk at the beautiful Marble Hill park on 15<sup>th</sup> June 2013.

Breast cancer is the most common cancer in the UK and most people know someone dealing with this difficult disease. By pushing themselves to go the distance, Pink Ribbonwalk participants can show their support for a loved one or help others living with breast cancer.

Breast Cancer Care Ambassador, Lisa Snowdon, who previously walked at Marble Hill, said:  

bq. "I went to my first Pink Ribbonwalk last year and I loved it! We had lots of laughs along the way and the atmosphere was amazing. I met some really inspiring people and there was real solidarity as we walked, knowing that, together, we were raising money to help fund Breast Cancer Care's vital support services. My grandmother died of breast cancer and my aunt also was diagnosed in the past, so I grab any opportunity I can to help raise money and awareness for this dreadful disease.  The Pink Ribbonwalk is a great way to do just that so I would encourage everyone to sign up and help us to make a difference to the lives of people affected by breast cancer."

It costs just &pound;30 to register to take part but walkers are required to raise a minimum of &pound;175 worth of sponsorship to help fund Breast Cancer Care's practical and emotional support services.

Bring family, friends and colleagues together and enjoy a fun-filled afternoon walking through beautiful scenery, followed by a village fete style celebration, including a medal, free BBQ, massage and entertainment!

*Register now to take part at "www.pinkribbonwalk.org.uk":http://www.pinkribbonwalk.org.uk or call 0870 145 0101 and if you quote the promo code CARE49 you will be entered into a free prize draw to win a pair of tickets to our Carols by Candlelight in December.*

_No-one should face breast cancer alone. Funds raised from Breast Cancer Care's Pink Ribbonwalk in association with woman&home magazine will enable the charity to provide information and support services such as its Helpline, discussion forums, local events, one-to-one support sessions and website, to enable women to live with, through, and beyond breast cancer._





{% include comments.html %}
