---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Two Events from Environment Trust - October 2013"
permalink: /archives/2013/09/event_reminder_two_events_from_environment_trust_o.html
commentfile: 2013-09-26-event_reminder_two_events_from_environment_trust_o
category: around_town
date: 2013-09-26 20:54:18

---

h4. Photographic Scavenger Hunt for 20<sup>th</sup> Century Design

How well do you know the architecture and design of the recent past? Join the Environment Trust and the 20<sup>th</sup> Century Society for MODERN RICHMOND? FOUND! A photographic scavenger hunt for 20<sup>th</sup> century design on "Saturday, 5<sup>th</sup> October from 9am-1:30pm.":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705144111

Use your digital camera, smart phone or a sketch pad and pencil to discover and capture 20<sup>th</sup> century architecture and design. Refreshments and a light lunch will be served. The event head quarters is the Grade II listed St Margaret of Scotland RC Church, 130 St Margarets Road, TW1 1RL.

_Prizes awarded!_

h4. Celebration of Gardening for Food & Wildlife

Celebrity speakers Cleve West and Tom Moggach will share their gardening knowledge and practical tips with an audience at Normansfield Theatre on Monday 14<sup>th</sup> October. Hosted by the Environment Trust, gardening and wildlife organisations will be on hand to discuss your questions and share ideas - including Ham House Garden, Froglife, River of Flowers, Twickenham Bee-keepers.

"Monday 14 October, 6:30 to 9:30pm at Normansfield Theatre, Langdon Park, TW11 9PS":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705144146



h4. More Information

* Booking essential
* Either event costs &pound;8.50 for members or &pound;10 non-members
* 020 88915455
* email "office@environmenttrust.co.uk":mailto:office@environmenttrust.co.uk



{% include comments.html %}
