---
layout: post
title: "Local Job Vacancies&#58; Forest School Leader and Assistant - Wild Education"
permalink: /archives/2013/03/local_job_vacancies_forest_school_leader_and_assis.html
category: around_town
date: 2013-03-12 20:03:21
excerpt: |
    Forest School is an ethos of education encouraging child led learning in a natural environment. Research shows that children generally learn more effectively in the outdoors, gain in confidence and self esteem, are more balanced, more able to concentrate, show more consideration to others, greater social capability and better coordination. They are learning in a pleasant, natural, fun and less stressful environment with a wealth of opportunities to suit all learning styles.  

---

_Wild Education is a new Forest School working with local primary schools in Orleans House Gallery woods_

Forest School is an ethos of education encouraging child led learning in a natural environment. Research shows that children generally learn more effectively in the outdoors, gain in confidence and self esteem, are more balanced, more able to concentrate, show more consideration to others, greater social capability and better coordination. They are learning in a pleasant, natural, fun and less stressful environment with a wealth of opportunities to suit all learning styles.  

I am currently looking to recruit and I particularly need someone to assist in an after school club on a Monday and/or Wednesday from 3.15 to 5.30.  

h3. Level 2 or 3 Forest School Leader

I am looking to recruit a Forest School leader to help facilitate Forest School sessions with local primary schools. The ideal candidate will have obtained their Level 2 or 3 qualification or be in the process of obtaining it.

h3. Forest School Assistant - volunteer position

I am looking for like minded individuals who have a bit of free time each week to come out with us to help supervise children and assist the Forest School leader in the running of the Forest School sessions.

Any candidates must have a current CRB check, a passion for the outdoors and a desire to share that with young people. They should be happy to be outside in all weathers and not be put off by any creatures we may meet (real or imaginary!). Thorough on-site training will be provided.

h4. For more information please contact -

Ellie Wrigglesworth
07837 746366
"wrigglers@talktalk.net":mailto:wrigglers@talktalk.net
