---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Second Twickenham Hyperlocal Meet Up - 24 January 2013"
permalink: /archives/2013/01/event_reminder_second_twickenham_hyperlocal_meet_u.html
commentfile: 2013-01-17-event_reminder_second_twickenham_hyperlocal_meet_u
category: around_town
date: 2013-01-17 21:02:18
excerpt: |
    The following is an invite from the very excellent "Twickerati website":http://twickerati.wordpress.com/2013/01/06/twickenham-hyperlocal-tweet-up/#more-8357.  We went to last year's event and had a great time, so we will be heading over this year as well.  If you fancy a pint and a chat about all things local, come along and say 'hello'. 

---

The following is an invite from the very excellent "Twickerati website":http://twickerati.wordpress.com/2013/01/06/twickenham-hyperlocal-tweet-up/#more-8357.  We went to last year's event and had a great time, so we will be heading over this year as well.  If you fancy a pint and a chat about all things local, come along and say 'hello'. 

<div class="box">

_Hey, how you doin'? Or rather, hey, what you doin'? And to be a little more specific, what are you doing on the evening of Thursday 24<sup>th</sup> of January? Twelve months after the first Twickerati Hyperlocal Twickenham Meet Up (aka 'Twickenham tweet up') it's only bloody time for another one, isn't it? Yes, yes it is._

h4. What's the point?

If you read local websites or blogs, if you run a local website or blog, or if you want to get involved in some way then it's a chance to meet with some random strangers who are into the same thing. Or, if you've got ideas about Twickenham that can't be adequately addressed by another El Brute online consultation or through the medium of writing furious letters to the Richmond & Twickenham Times then it could be for you. Or if you just want to chat about Twickenham or social media stuff over a drink then come on down. We don't go in for 'networking' here at twickerati but if we did, it would be a bit like this only better.

h4. Who's going to be there?

Tricky one that. Your humble correspondent is top of the list, which is probably just as well. And last year there were the founders of TeddingtonTown, St Margarets, Guide2Richmond, For Sanity's Sake plus a varied but very friendly assortment of locals with a general interest in Twickenham stuff. If you've read this far, you'd fit right in (in a good way, of course).

h4. When & where?

Thursday 24<sup>th</sup> January from 8.30pm at the new bar, Ales & Tails at 31 York Street, Twickenham.

h4. What else do I need to do?

Nothing, other than prepare a 15 minute Powerpoint presentation of your vision for Twickenham over the next decade. Actually, scrap that, just bring yourself.

h4. So, who's in?

</div>

-- from "Twickerati":http://twickerati.wordpress.com/2013/01/06/twickenham-hyperlocal-tweet-up/#more-8357





{% include comments.html %}
