---
layout: post
title: "Turing House Appoints Headteacher - Colin Mackinlay"
permalink: /archives/2013/09/turing_house_appoints_headteacher_colin_mackinlay.html
category: news
date: 2013-09-12 21:24:29

---

The Russell Education Trust and the Turing House School steering group are pleased to introduce their new school's founding headteacher, Colin Mackinlay.

Colin is an experienced Headteacher and Ofsted Inspector who has successfully set up a number of new schools. He has over 7 years of headship and wide experience of managing school improvement projects and implementing best practice in schools nationwide.


Colin grew up locally and attended Chase Bridge, St John the Baptist, Grey Court School and Richmond-Upon-Thames College. He also started his teaching career at the college after graduating from Cambridge University, where he read Natural and Electrical Sciences. He has taught a range of secondary subjects including A Level Physics, with many of his students progressing to science and medicine degrees.

After his time as Head of Sixth form at the outstanding Ravens Wood School in Bromley, Colin became Deputy Head of Feltham Community College before taking over the Headship at Coulsdon High School in Croydon. In this post he worked with governors to address significant issues of underachievement, financial deficit and leadership and brought the school out of special measures. Ofsted praised his vision, leadership and commitment and the impact it had had on school improvement. When the school converted to become a faith academy Colin moved on to the London Challenge programme to lead another school in transition, before becoming a senior school improvement adviser with Education London.

More recently, Colin has been a Senior Adviser at the Russell Education Trust and the Principal Education Adviser for Bristol Free School and Becket Keys Church of England School. He worked alongside the parent proposers, headteacher and staff at Bristol from proposal through to its extremely successful first Ofsted inspection. He has also worked closely with the parent proposers for Turing House since they first envisioned the school early in 2012.

Colin is extremely excited about returning to Richmond in his new role as Headteacher of Turing House:

bq. "Turing House will be a school that develops all students as confident individuals ready for the opportunities of today's society. The blend of emphasis on science, technology and music with the development of critical thinking as an essential skill will be central to students' experiences at the school. This is a unique opportunity to create an inspirational new school for the Richmond community, and I'm looking forward to bringing our proposals to life and welcoming our first students in 2014."

<cite>-- from a press release - 6 September 2013</cite>
