---
layout: post
title: "Richmond Council Flooding Update - 14 February 2014"
permalink: /archives/2014/02/richmond_council_flooding_update_14_february_2014.html
category: news
date: 2014-02-14 11:37:21

---

Due to unusually high water levels in the Thames, Trowlock Island, Teddington, Hampton, and Hampton Wick have been placed on flood warnings or flood alerts by the Environment Agency.

Other areas down stream of Teddington Lock (e.g. Twickenham / Richmond / Barnes etc) have not been declared at risk of flooding.

Council officers have already been helping residents of Trowlock Island maintain links to the mainland. However, areas in the borough that are already prone to high tides are also likely to see a rise in the amount of water moving further in land than normal.

The Council is working closely with key partners - including London Fire, local Police, the Environment Agency and local flood wardens - to monitor the situation and should the risk of flooding increase, additional emergency plans are in place to ensure the safety of vulnerable residents and the protection of vital local services.

h4. SANDBAGS

The Council is continuing to review each of the 'at risk' areas and is currently adding to sandbag reserves so that those most in need can be supported over the coming days. When stocks of sandbags are at a level where we can protect essential infrastructure, those identified in the most 'at risk' areas, who require support, are being issuing sandbags throughout today and tomorrow (13/14 February). Those properties have already been issued letters to inform them the bags are on their way. The prioritisation is based on flood risk information and is identified on a property by property basis.  This may mean neighbouring properties could be provided with sandbags and adjacent properties not.

_The Council needs to prioritise those areas most at risk._

If you are not in one of those high risk properties, you should also consider measures that you can take in advance to prepare for any flooding. Sandbags are not the only form of flood protection equipment. Should the risk of flooding become an 'emergency' the Council has additional plans in place.

h4. How do I find out more information?

It is important that residents keep up-to-date with the flooding information.

Sign up now for the Environment Agency e-alert at: "www.environment-agency.gov.uk":http://www.environment-agency.gov.uk

Monitor the local tide times: "www.bbc.co.uk/weather/coast_and_sea/tide_tables":http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/coast_and_sea/tide_tables

For further information about the local impact of flooding, including regular updates and health and advice, go to: "www.richmond.gov.uk/flooding":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/flooding or follow the Council on Twitter "@LBRUT":http://www.twitter.com/LBRUT #lbrutflooding

-- from London Borough of Richmond upon Thames



<div class="comments">
  <h2>Comments</h2>
     <ul>
{% for 2014-02-14-richmond_council_flooding_update_14_february_2014 in site.data.2014-02-14-richmond_council_flooding_update_14_february_2014 %}
       <li>

         {{ 2014-02-14-richmond_council_flooding_update_14_february_2014.comment }}

         <cite>{{ 2014-02-14-richmond_council_flooding_update_14_february_2014.author }} on {{ 2014-02-14-richmond_council_flooding_update_14_february_2014.date }}</cite>
    
       </li>
{% endfor %}
    </ul>
</div><!-- end comments -->


