---
layout: post
title: "Richmond Bridge Primary School Approved to Open in 2015"
permalink: /archives/2014/06/richmond_bridge_primary_school_approved_to_open_in.html
category: news
date: 2014-06-19 18:57:25
excerpt: |
    The Department for Education has announced that Richmond Bridge Primary School is one of the 38 new free schools given the go ahead today to enter the 'pre-opening phase' with a view to open in September 2015.
    
    The school plans to open in September 2015 with an initial intake of 60 pupils in the Reception year and will grow organically to eventually provide an additional 420 primary school places in 2021. It will be a state-funded, non-selective, non-denominational and co-educational school, welcoming children from all backgrounds. As is the case with all free schools, it will be run on a not-for-profit basis.
    

---

The Department for Education has announced that Richmond Bridge Primary School is one of the 38 new free schools given the go ahead today to enter the 'pre-opening phase' with a view to open in September 2015.

The school plans to open in September 2015 with an initial intake of 60 pupils in the Reception year and will grow organically to eventually provide an additional 420 primary school places in 2021. It will be a state-funded, non-selective, non-denominational and co-educational school, welcoming children from all backgrounds. As is the case with all free schools, it will be run on a not-for-profit basis.



Claire Delaney, Chair of Bellevue Place Education Trust, said: "We are delighted to have been approved into the pre-opening phase. This is the first milestone in the journey to a successful opening in September 2015 as it means that we are now able to progress our plans with the Department for Education and the Education Funding Agency. While there is a great deal of work still to be done, our team has significant experience in opening and running schools and we are looking forward to the challenges and exciting times that lie ahead. "Our first task is to secure a site for the school. We do not underestimate the challenge in this regard and will be working closely with the local authority and EFA to secure a suitable site that can then be developed to meet the needs of all our children." Claire continues, "Richmond Bridge Primary School will be part of the wider Bellevue Place Education Trust family of schools and will have links with a number of schools across London and the Home Counties. BPET was established to offer a combination of the best that state and independent education has to offer to parents and pupils from all backgrounds.

bq.. "Our goal is to be outstanding in what we do in all our schools by providing a nurturing environment with the highest expectations for academic achievement, personal development and pupil well-being.

"Our plans have resonated with the local community and we have strong foundations of support and demand to build on. We are all very keen to get started on the next phase of our journey." 

p. For more information about Richmond Bridge Primary School please visit the school's website at "www.richmondbridgeprimary.co.uk.":http://www.richmondbridgeprimary.co.uk. You can also register your interest online to be kept up-to-date with the school's progress.

<cite>-- from a press release - 19 June 2014</cite>
