---
layout: post
title: "Thames Water Re-pollutes River Just Two Days After it Pays Fine for 2011 Spill"
permalink: /archives/2014/07/thames_water_repollutes_river_just_two_days_after.html
category: news
date: 2014-07-17 22:40:35

---

Thames Water fined &pound;75,000 + costs for 2011 sewage spill...

<div class="box">

On the 30<sup>th</sup> October 2011 an estimated 10,000 fish were killed in the River Crane following a major pollution incident due to a failed Thames Water sewage sluice gate.

Thames Water immediately accepted responsibility and also pledged &pound;400,000 over a five year period to the Crane Valley Partnership (CVP) to work towards restoring and improving the river.

On Friday 27 June 2014, the company was fined &pound;75,000 + costs in a court case brought by the Environment Agency (see News Release).  In considering his sentencing, the judge at Isleworth Crown Court took into account the early admission of guilt by Thames Water and the money pledged to assist in the restoration and recovery of the river and subsequently reduced the fine from an original &pound;300,000.

<cite>-- from "cranevalley.org.uk":http://www.cranevalley.org.uk/news/post/thames-water-fined-%C2%A375000-costs-for-2011-sewage-spill/</cite>

</div>

... two days later it pollutes the river again...


<div class="box">

h4. Pollution incident at Whitton Brook

_Message from Thames Water_

I regret to inform you that following a blockage in our sewer network on the 2<sup>nd</sup> July, there was a pollution to the Whitton Brook and the River Crane, half a mile downstream at the point where the two watercourses join.  Although changes in the dissolved oxygen levels within the River Crane initially caused concern, there does not appear to have been any detrimental ecological impact on the river, as far as we or the Environment Agency can see.

The blockage of fat, oil and grease (FOG) was successfully cleared around 5AM on the 3<sup>rd</sup> July.  The pollution has been contained and the aeration equipment we put into the river is improving dissolved oxygen levels.  We are also carrying out clean-ups where necessary.

In addition, further camera surveys and sewer cleans are being carried out to help ensure this does not happen again.  Hounslow is one of our worst three boroughs (out of more than 100) for blockages caused by people putting wet wipes, fat etc down drains.  We have a major campaign being planned to highlight this issue and would welcome support from CVP members in due course.  We will continue to work with the Environment Agency until the river is completely back to normal.

<cite>-- from "cranevalley.org.uk":http://www.cranevalley.org.uk/news/post/pollution-incident-at-whitton-brook/</cite>

</div>
