---
layout: post
title: "New Pregnancy Yoga Classes in St Margarets"
permalink: /archives/2014/06/new_pregnancy_yoga_classes_in_st_margarets.html
commentfile: 2014-06-12-new_pregnancy_yoga_classes_in_st_margarets
category: around_town
date: 2014-06-12 22:36:21

---

If you are pregnant and would like to give yoga a try, Sammie Mason, a qualified Yoga teacher with the, 'British Wheel of Yoga', will be starting small and intimate Pregnancy Yoga classes from Saturday 28<sup>th</sup> June.

Based in the newly re-branded 'The Training Works' in St Margarets, (previously Movement3), Classes will start nice and early from 8:45am - 9:50am, leaving lots of time to enjoy the rest of the day.

_Pregnancy yoga classes are suitable for anyone from 15 weeks of pregnancy._


h4. More Information
 
* No previous experience of yoga is needed.
* All mats, blocks and straps are provided.
* For more information or to book a place, contact Sammie on:
* "www.yoga-fitness.co.uk":http://www.yoga-fitness.co.uk
* "contact@yoga-fitness.co.uk":mailto:contact@yoga-fitness.co.uk
* 07758 866834

h4. Yoga 'reduces the risks' for pregnant women

For the first time researchers in the UK have studied the effects of yoga on pregnant women, and have found that it can reduce the risk of them developing anxiety and depression.

Stress during pregnancy has been linked to premature birth, low birth weight and postnatal depression for the mother.

It has been long assumed by medical professionals that yoga can help to reduce stress levels in mothers, but it had never been tested in a research setting.

The paper entitled, 'Effects of Antenatal Yoga on Maternal Anxiety and Depression: A Randomised Controlled Trial' was published in the journal, 'Depression and Anxiety'. Academics from Manchester and Newcastle Universities show that women who attended a yoga class once a week for 8 weeks, had decreased anxiety scores compared to the group who received normal antenatal treatment.

Jacqui Clinton, Health Campaigns Director at baby charity, Tommys (which funded the research), said,

bq. "At least 1 in 10 women experience mental health problems during pregnancy. This study shows that pregnant women may be able to use yoga to reduce feelings of stress, anxiety and depression, which in turn may help prevent them from developing post-natal depression. We already know that pregnancy yoga can help improve physical health and strength in the run up to having a baby, and this new evidence shows that it may have important benefits for women's emotional health too."

In addition to these emotional benefits, pregnancy yoga can specifically help:

* With common pregnancy ailments e.g. heart burn, backache, constipation
* Improve energy levels
* Promote relaxation and a good night's sleep
* Stretch, tone and strengthen muscles and pelvic floor


h4. Paid time off work for pregnancy yoga classes

Did you also know that women in full time employment are entitled to paid time off work to attend yoga classes, which are covered by the category 'antenatal appointments and relaxation and parent craft classes'? "See further details of the legal obligation of employers to pregnant workers":http://www.gov.uk/working-when-pregnant-your-rights

_Sammie Mason is a fully qualified teacher with the British Wheel of Yoga, as well as a mum of two boisterous boys!_



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
