---
layout: post
title: "New Pregnancy Yoga Classes - Starting 31 May 2014"
permalink: /archives/2014/05/new_pregnancy_yoga_classes_starting_31_may_2014.html
category: around_town
date: 2014-05-08 22:48:48

---

Based in the newly re-branded 'The Training Works' in St Margarets, (previously Movement3), Yoga-Fitness will be starting small and intimate Pregnancy Yoga classes  in a lovely light and modern studio, from Saturday 31<sup>st</sup> May.

The ancient system of Yoga aims to promote mental and physical well-being, which is vital during times of transition or uncertainty. If you are a 'mum to be' your experience of being pregnant and giving birth will involve great physical and emotional changes. Knowing how to use and adapt yoga techniques to breathe, move and relax during this time will be of enormous benefit during this very personal adventure.



Yoga is used to strengthen, tone and relax, as well as help nurture a happy, healthy and growing baby.

Pregnancy yoga can specifically help;

* With common pregnancy ailments e.g. heart burn, backache, constipation
* Improve energy levels
* Promote relaxation and a good night's sleep
* Prepare you for labour and birth
* Stretch, tone and strengthen muscles and pelvic floor

Classes start nice and early from 8:45am - 9:50am, leaving lots of time to enjoy the rest of the day.

h4. For more information or to book a place, contact Sammie on:

* Pregnancy yoga classes are suitable for anyone from 15 weeks of pregnancy. 
* No previous experience of yoga is needed. 
* All mats, blocks and straps are provided.
* "www.yoga-fitness.co.uk":http://www.yoga-fitness.co.uk
* "contact@yoga-fitness.co.uk":mailto:contact@yoga-fitness.co.uk
* 07758 866834

_Sammie Mason is a fully qualified teacher with the British Wheel of Yoga, (the governing body for Yoga in the UK), as well as a mum of two boisterous boys!_
