---
layout: post
title: "Fireworks 2014 from For Sanity's Sake"
permalink: /archives/2014/10/fireworks_2014_from_for_sanitys_sake.html
category: around_town
date: 2014-10-16 22:54:20

---

Guy Faulk's night can be great fun but beware that small children are terrified of the loud bangs or sometimes imagine the fireworks will fall out of the sky on to their heads...which can spoil the enjoyment somewhat! Try and watch fireworks from a good distance to minimise stress or take some ear defenders.

Three of the best in the area are shown below but do let us know if your school or community are holding a smaller display and we'll include them in our list - email: "rachel@forsanityssake.com":mailto:rachel@forsanityssake.com.

Or you can watch from top of Richmond Hill for free and see many of London's displays from a distance (much quieter) and there is pedestrianised space for kids to run around a bit - plus the Roebuck pub opposite for a few drinks to aid the fun.



h4. RICHMOND FIREWORKS DISPLAY

The Richmond fireworks display is back again, bringing a spectacular collection of fireworks and fun to West London. A real favourite for locals, the Richmond fireworks display remains incredibly popular thanks to a family friendly atmosphere and a display that's always of the highest quality.

* When: Sunday 2<sup>nd</sup> November 2014
* Where: Richmond Athletics Ground
* Display: 19:00
* Admission: &pound;10.00 for adults and &pound;5.00 for kids over five years old, &pound;30.00 for families.
* Advance Tickets: &pound;8.00 for adults and &pound;5.00 for kids, with under-fives getting in for free. An advance family ticket for two adults and four children costs &pound;28.00.
* Call 0208 940 0397 to book tickets

h4. BARNES FIREWORKS DISPLAY

Lighting up the skies above south west London with a spectacular pyrotechnics show, the Barnes fireworks display gets Guy Fawkes Night off to a big bang. There's also a Make-a-Guy competition for kids, and the creator of the best Guy can join the torch lit procession and help to light the big bonfire at the event.

* When: Saturday 1<sup>st</sup> November 2013
* Where: Barnes Sports Club
* Display: 20:00
* Admission: &pound;10.00 adults, &pound;5.00 children. Kids under 5 go free. Family ticket &pound;25.00

h4. KINGSTON FIREWORKS DISPLAY

The Kingston fireworks display promises to be a massive London fireworks event, with a huge display, family attractions and more kicking off at Kingsmeadow Athletics Stadium. Grab a gang and head over for one of the biggest displays in London.

* When: Friday 7<sup>th</sup> November 2014
* Where: Kingsmeadow Athletics Stadium
* Display: 20:00
* Admission: Adults &pound;6.00, children aged 5-11 &pound;4.00
* Advance Tickets: Adults &pound;5.00, children aged 5-11 &pound;3.00

h4. OTHER FIREWORKS DISPLAY

* Sat 1<sup>st</sup> - Barnes Sports Club. Gates Open 5.30pm, Best Guy Competition 6.30pm, Bonfire Lighting 6.55pm, Firework Lighting 8.00pm (timings TBC)
* Sun 2<sup>nd</sup> - Richmond Athletic Ground (Old Deer Park). Displays starts at 7pm.
* Sat 8<sup>th</sup> - Collis Primary School from 5pm.
* Sun 9<sup>th</sup> - Orleans Primary School, display starts at 7pm - email "mathildahayes@hotmail.com":mailto:mathildahayes@hotmail.com for more details
* "For many more details about each display and updates, please go to For Sanity's Sake website":http://www.forsanityssake.com/profiles/blogs/three-of-the-best-local-fireworks-displays




