---
layout: post
title: "Christmas Shopping at Turner's House - 29 November 2015"
permalink: /archives/2015/11/christmas_shopping_at_turners_house_29_november_20.html
commentfile: 2015-11-19-christmas_shopping_at_turners_house_29_november_20
category: around_town
date: 2015-11-19 21:40:05

---

_Sunday, 29 November 11am to 4pm_

Join Turner's House Trustees for a glass of wine while picking up delightful and original Christmas gifts for friends and family - all to support the Trust's restoration appeal.

The first Turner's House Christmas Fair was hugely popular and there have been many early requests for another. This year you will find an even wider choice of gifts not to be found on the High Street.

Annie Simpson is back with her beautiful scarves made in fine merino and lustrous silk fibres, all inspired by specific Turner paintings - a perfect gift for Turner lovers.



Clementine and Coco return with their cheery handmade little bags, accessories, bunting and quilts - perfect stocking fillers and pretty gifts for the home.

Derek and Susie Hale will again be offering their wonderful homemade preserves and chutneys.

Other stalls include jewellery and delicious Italian deli products, and new additions include a ceramicist, potter and silversmith.

And be sure to not leave without an indulgent cake to take home for tea.

Plus, if you missed Turner's House open days this year, the Christmas Fair is one more - and final - chance to see Turner's Twickenham villa prior to restoration.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
