---
layout: post
title: "Current Consultations"
permalink: /archives/2015/12/current_consultations.html
commentfile: 2015-12-03-current_consultations
category: news
date: 2015-12-03 19:42:02
excerpt: |
    There are a few Richmond Council consultations that might interest you and need to be acted on quickly.

---

There are a few Richmond Council consultations that might interest you and need to be acted on quickly.

h4. "Richmond Annual Residents Survey 2015":https://consultation.richmond.gov.uk/community-engagement/residents_2015/consult_view

The results from the Residents' Survey are a very important source of information as they help the Council to understand what is important to residents. They feed into decisions on how Council Tax is spent and help us to track how well we are delivering on our commitments. 

h4. "A New Town Square for Twickenham":https://consultation.richmond.gov.uk/environment/town-square/consult_view

We want the very best for Twickenham. A place where people choose to live, work, run a business and visit. The Council has purchased properties on King Street and Water Lane with the intention of demolishing run-down, dated buildings, an underused car park and old pool house to create a stunning community space and fulfil the vision of linking the town centre to the river and Diamond Jubilee Gardens.




Residents and businesses have told us Twickenham needs a new 'heart' and improved public space. This is our chance to do it. To work together to create a high quality community space for markets, performances and where people can relax and enjoy the town and the river for years to come.


{% include comments.html %}
