---
layout: post
title: "Twickenham Comes Alive to the Sound of Music"
permalink: /archives/2015/04/twickenham_comes_alive_to_the_sound_of_music.html
category: around_town
date: 2015-04-03 11:26:20

---

The streets of Twickenham will be animated by arts and music thanks to &pound;600,000 grant awarded to Richmond Council and six other London authorities from Arts Council England's Strategic Touring Fund.

'The Streets' - a two-year programme of touring music and arts activity that will re-animate Twickenham High Street is coming to town over the summer. The consortium, which along with Richmond Council, includes Wandsworth, Waltham Forest, Redbridge, Croydon, Kingston, and Havering, will work with creative producers 'Serious' to raise the profile of outer London high streets.



The local economy in Twickenham will be given a boost by a programme of touring arts activity. This will start later this year and also in the spring / summer of 2016, adding yet more colour to Twickenham High Street, Church Street, and Twickenham Riverside.

This will form part of a programme of events Richmond Council are coordinating to coincide with the Rugby World Cup - which includes a 'pilot' for a new Music and Drama Festival.

Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Art and Culture, Cllr Meena Bond, said:


bq. "Richmond has such an amazingly rich seam of arts and culture. I am delighted that this funding will go a long way to ensuring that our festivals really showcase to residents and visitors alike that we really know how to celebrate our arts."

Tremendous interest has been shown in the new festival, which has been organised as a 'taster' to coincide with the sporting tournament this year. Over 50 local performing arts organisations, artists, schools and venues lined up to take part in this festival. It will take place throughout the borough September 28 to October 18, with the main festival to launch in March 2016.

This Arts Council Grant offers the opportunity for artists working on 'The Streets' project to potentially feed into the Music and Drama Festival programme, bringing international and professional acts to Twickenham town centre.

For more information on The Streets or the Music and Drama Festival contact the Council's Arts Service on 020 8831 6000 or email "artsinfo@richmond.gov.uk":mailto:artsinfo@richmond.gov.uk

<cite>-- from a "Richmond Council press release 12 March 2015":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council/news/press_office/older_news/march_2015/twickenham_comes_alive_to_the_sound_of_music_thanks_to__600k_grant.htm</cite>
