---
layout: post
title: "Unanimous Approval for Turner's House Restoration Plans"
permalink: /archives/2015/04/unanimous_approval_for_turners_house_restoration_p.html
category: news
date: 2015-04-07 21:20:43

---

The London Borough of Richmond upon Thames Planning Committee has unanimously approved the restoration and conservation plans for Sandycombe Lodge, Twickenham, the country villa JMW Turner designed as a country retreat for himself and his father.

Turner's House Trust will now be able to progress with its plans to conserve for the nation this unique Grade II* listed building, which is currently on English Heritage's 'Heritage at Risk' register.


"We are absolutely delighted that we are now able to move forward to sensitively restore this beautiful building back to life and return it, as closely as possible, to Turner's original design," said Catherine Parry-Wingfield, chair of Turner's House Trust. "We are now in a position to undertake further specialist surveys, with the aim to commence restoration work in early 2016. Progress, however, remains dependant on securing the final &pound;260,000 of this &pound;2 million project.

"Our quest for funding therefore continues, as does our determination throughout the final planning and subsequent building works, to continue to be sensitive to the issues of opening a small historic property in a residential area," emphasised Catherine Parry-Wingfield.

The Twickenham villa of one of Britain's greatest painters was recently awarded a &pound;1.4m Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) grant towards the project.

Now open to the public only one afternoon per month (for seven months of the year) and for special group visits by arrangement, on completion visitors will have more opportunities to visit. There will be education programmes, with special access for professionals and students involved in architecture and conservation.

To support the restoration of Turner's House visit "www.turnerintwickenham.org.uk":http://www.turnerintwickenham.org.uk

<cite>-- from a Turner's House Trust press release - 7 April 2015</cite>



