---
layout: post
title: "Twickenham Parliamentary Elections 2015"
permalink: /archives/2015/05/twickenham_parliamentary_elections_2015.html
category: news
date: 2015-05-05 21:07:48
excerpt: |
    The elections are nearly here.  We have sent questionnaires to all the candidates for the Twickenham seat and have had posted the _four_ that were returned.  They are:
    
    * Liberal Democrats' "Vince Cable":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_vince_cable.html
    * UKIP's "Barry Edwards":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_barry_edwards_uk.html.
    * Green's "Tanya Williams":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_tanya_williams.html
    * Labour's "Nick Grant":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_nick_grant.html
    
    

---

The elections are nearly here.  We have sent questionnaires to all the candidates for the Twickenham seat and have had posted the _four_ that were returned.  They are:

* Liberal Democrats' "Vince Cable":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_vince_cable.html
* UKIP's "Barry Edwards":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_barry_edwards_uk.html.
* Green's "Tanya Williams":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_tanya_williams.html
* Labour's "Nick Grant":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/archives/2015/04/twickenham_candidate_profile_2015_nick_grant.html

The other candidates have not responded, so we suggest you read some excellent coverage from some other local groups.



h4. Healthwatch Richmond

bq. In March, Healthwatch Richmond wrote to all the prospective parliamentary candidates from the two parliamentary constituencies in the Borough. We asked them for their views, and those of their party, on issues around the NHS and Social Care in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. 

* "Read Healthwatch's report":http://www.healthwatchrichmond.co.uk/twickenham-constituency

h4. Twickerati

bq. Oh dear. Here at twickerati HQ we're not very good at politics because we find it so difficult to give a straight answer to a straight question. And that is why we asked five local candidates to write 500 words each setting out their stall for the 2015 election. We said we'd include a link to their website and their profile picture too. They agreed. This is what they have to say to you...

* "Read Twickerati's report":https://twickerati.wordpress.com/2015/04/15/twickenham-constituency-general-election-party-pieces/#more-12229

h4. Other candidates

* Tania Mathias - _Conservative Party_ - "website":http://www.tania4twickenham.co.uk 
* Dominic Stockford - _Christian Party_ - "website":http://www.ukchristianparty.org
* David Dean Wedgwood - _The Magna Carta Party_ - "website":http://www.magnacartaparty.org.uk - site currently down


<div class="box">

<em>Please note: already some of the comments have gotten nasty, so I have turned them off the profiles.  If you want to comment, please do so here on this article and please, nothing mean.</em>

</div>

h4. Updates to this post

* Added a note to this page to tell people to comment here and be nice at 6:22pm - 29 April 2015
* Updated Tanya Williams post at 6:21pm - 29 April 2015
* Turned off comments on profiles 6:20pm - 29 April 2015

 
