---
layout: post
title: "Events at The Stoop during the Rugby World Cup 2015"
permalink: /archives/2015/09/events_at_the_stoop_during_the_rugby_world_cup_201.html
category: news
date: 2015-09-23 23:21:41

---

Did you know that the "Twickenham Stoop":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/directory/sports/201108150838 is open for the Twickenham based games for drinks and/or watching the matches?  If you live in our area and have a ticket, you can enjoy the pre and post match fun!

* *26<sup>th</sup> September: England v Wales*
Kick-off 20:00. The Stoop and the bars are open for match day ticket holders from 13:00 to 23:00.
* *3<sup>rd</sup> October: England v Australia*
Kick-off 20:00. The Stoop and the bars are open for match day ticket holders from 13:00 - 23:00.
* *10<sup>th</sup> October: England v Uruguay*
Kick-off 20:00. The Stoop will be screening the match on a big screen in the stadium. The Stadium opens at 17:00 and bars close at 23:00. The stadium is open for all those who live within 3 miles of The Stoop and those with a match day ticket. Entry before 18:00 is free, entry after 18:00 is &pound;5 for adults and &pound;1 for juniors.
* *17<sup>th</sup> October and 18<sup>th</sup> October. Quarter Final stages*
The Stoop will be screening the matches on a big screen in the stadium. The Stadium opens at 13:00 on the 17<sup>th</sup> and 12:00 on the 18<sup>th</sup> and and bars close at 23:00 on both days. The stadium is open for all those who live within 3 miles of The Stoop and those with a match day ticket. Tickets are &pound;10 for adults and &pound;1 for juniors.
* *24<sup>th</sup> October and 25<sup>th</sup> October. Semi Final Stages*
The Stoop will be screening the matches on a big screen in the stadium. The Stadium opens at 16:00 and bars close at 23:00 on both days. The stadium is open for all those who live within 3 miles of The Stoop and those with a match day ticket. Tickets are &pound;10 for adults and &pound;1 for juniors.
* *31<sup>st</sup> October: Final*
The Stoop will be screening the match on a big screen in the stadium. The Stadium opens at 13:00 and bars close at 23:00 on both days. The stadium is open for all those who live within 3 miles of The Stoop and those with a match day ticket. Tickets are &pound;10 for adults and &pound;1 for juniors.
