---
layout: post
title: "TFL Decides Keeps A316 Footbridge"
permalink: /archives/2015/01/tfl_decides_keeps_a316_footbridge.html
commentfile: 2015-01-15-tfl_decides_keeps_a316_footbridge
category: news
date: 2015-01-15 22:16:37
excerpt: |
    In the face of strong community lobbying, the Transport for London has decided to keep the footbridge over the A316 for at least two more years; however, they will also build the toucan they proposed.

---

In the face of strong community lobbying, the Transport for London has decided to keep the footbridge over the A316 for at least two more years; however, they will also build the toucan they proposed.

h4. Letter from TFL

<div class="letter">

Between 9 June and 18 July 2014, we consulted on proposals to remove the footbridge located west of St Margarets roundabout, Twickenham and install a new at-grade toucan crossing. Thank you to all of those who took part and responded.

Following a detailed review of the responses we received, we have modified the scheme as follows:

* Provide an at-grade two stage toucan crossing facility on the western arm of St. Margaret's roundabout as originally proposed - this will be installed prior to the Rugby World Cup taking place in autumn 2015
* Retain the existing footbridge and undertake further maintenance to extend its service life. The structure of the bridge will be reviewed again in 24 months following the installation of the toucan crossing. The condition of the footbridge will be constantly monitored. If the structure deteriorates significantly it may be necessary to close it without warning.
* TfL commits to carrying out local consultation with the community and stakeholders should any further proposals to remove the footbridge be put forward.

The full report and our response to issues raised can be found at "consultations.tfl.gov.uk":https://consultations.tfl.gov.uk/consultation-and-engagement/a316-st-margarets-crossing

Thank you for your patience in waiting for the results of the consultation to be published. We received a large number of responses and we have taken longer than first anticipated in reviewing them.

</div>



h4. From St Margarets and North Twickenham Liberal Democrats

<div class="letter">

h3. St Margarets and North Twickenham residents celebrate bridge reprieve

Following the efforts of local MP, Vince Cable and St Margarets and North Twickenham Councillors, Alexander Ehmann, Ben Khosa and Geoff Acton, local people have heard that Transport for London (TfL) have now reconsidered plans to remove the St Margarets footbridge over the A316.

During the summer of 2014, TfL  stunned the local community by announcing it planned to remove the footbridge immediately outside St Stephen's School and replace it with a road-level Toucan crossing.   Supported by parents and local residents, Councillor Ehmann formed a petition against the bridge's removal, which has over 1,000 supporters and there was extensive campaign activity to dissuade Transport for London from their planned course of action.

Following discussions between Vince Cable MP and Transport for London officials it was agreed that the bridge will remain in place and that it will receive some funding for repair works.  Transport for London still propose to install a Toucan crossing alongside the bridge and have indicated that they will review the bridge's future again after at least a further two years of operation.

Commenting on the news that Transport for London have been persuaded to retain the bridge, Cllr Alexander Ehmann (Liberal Democrat Cllr for St Margarets and North Twickenham)  said:

bq. "On behalf of residents, I'm delighted that TfL have seen the error of their ways and have committed to the maintenance of our bridge for at least another two years."

bq. "Having secured this victory, Vince Cable MP and your local Councillors will do all we can to ensure this TfL U-turn isn't a temporary stay of execution, but two more years means that countless young people will have access to a safe road crossing on their way to and from school."

He added:

bq. "TfL's change of heart is a victory for common-sense and testament to the hard work of those in our community that fought alongside us to see our bridge was saved.  This is a great day for the people of St Margarets and North Twickenham."

</div>


{% include comments.html %}
