---
layout: post
title: "Richmond Council Gets 10 million to Improve Cycling"
permalink: /archives/2015/03/richmond_council_gets_10_million_to_improve_cyclin.html
category: news
date: 2015-03-27 21:59:44

---

Cycling facilities along the A316 will be improved, thanks to funding from the Mayor of London, Richmond Council has confirmed.

Last year it was announced that Richmond upon Thames missed out on the top prize for Transport for London's Mini Holland scheme. However, the Mayor of London's cycling adviser - Andrew Gilligan - was so impressed with the Richmond bid that he agreed to look at investing millions of pounds into the borough's cycling infrastructure.

&pound;10m will now be invested into improving the cycling facilities along the A316, thanks to TfL. They have also confirmed an additional &pound;2m to assist with the provision of cycling links from Twickenham to A316.





The work on the A316 will be led by TfL, as it is a road managed by them. The Council will be looking to them to fully engage with residents and local cycling groups to ensure there is a thorough approach to creating a suitable cycle route and good interconnections with existing facilities.

Cllr Stephen Speak, Richmond Council Cabinet Member for Highways, said:


bq. "This is long awaited good news. The A316 improvements should be a real help for local cyclists using a major borough artery and the Twickenham work will improve cycling connectivity to the town. I look forward to working with TfL to turn these ideas into reality."


<cite>-- from a Richmond Council "press release - 27 March 2015":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council/news/press_office/older_news/march_2015/10m_to_improve_cycling_facilities.htm</cite>



<div class="comments">
  <h2>Comments</h2>
     <ul>
{% for 2015-03-27-richmond_council_gets_10_million_to_improve_cyclin in site.data.2015-03-27-richmond_council_gets_10_million_to_improve_cyclin %}
       <li>

         {{ 2015-03-27-richmond_council_gets_10_million_to_improve_cyclin.comment }}

         <cite>{{ 2015-03-27-richmond_council_gets_10_million_to_improve_cyclin.author }} on {{ 2015-03-27-richmond_council_gets_10_million_to_improve_cyclin.date }}</cite>
    
       </li>
{% endfor %}
    </ul>
</div><!-- end comments -->


