---
layout: post
title: "New Mindfulness Courses, Tasters, and Workshops"
permalink: /archives/2015/09/new_mindfulness_courses_tasters_and_workshops.html
category: around_town
date: 2015-09-03 21:48:39

---

Space to Be is offering a variety of mindfulness courses, tasters and workshops this autumn.  Come along to a taster session on September 16<sup>th</sup> to meet Andrea and find out how mindfulness can bring more peace, contentment, and connection to your life.  For more information please go to "www.makespacetobe.com":http://www.makespacetobe.com.





h4. Courses

* *8-Week Mindfulness Course*
Wednesdays, Sept 30<sup>th</sup>-Nov 18th
* *8-Week Mindfulness Course for Teens*
Thursdays, Oct 1<sup>st</sup> - Nov 26th

h4. Taster Sessions

* *Mindfulness Taster Session for the 8-Week Course*
Wednesday, Sept 16<sup>th</sup>, 2015
* *Mindfulness Taster Session for Parents and Teens*
Thursday, Sept 17<sup>th</sup>, 2015

h4. Workshops

* *Miksang Contemplative Photography Workshop*
Saturday, October 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2015
* *Mindfulness and Cooking Workshop*
Saturday, November 28<sup>th</sup>, 2015

Mindfulness is a practice which involves deliberately bringing your awareness to the present moment with acceptance and non-judgement.  Research suggests that meditation and awareness training can boost the immune system, significantly reduce stress, improve sleep, bolster creativity, reduce the ruminative thinking that leads to anxiety and depression and improve relationships with loved ones and friends.

Could mindfulness be your path to less stress and greater wellbeing?  Come along to the taster session and find out!  "www.makespacetobe.com":http://www.makespacetobe.com
