---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58;  Antiques and Collectables Valuation Event - 10 March 2016"
permalink: /archives/2015/12/event_reminder_antiques_and_collectables_valuation.html
category: around_town
date: 2015-12-17 20:50:36
excerpt: |
    A special antiques and collectables valuation event will be taking place soon in your area. The experts of Lockdales Auctioneers will be providing free valuations to the public on Thursday 10<sup>th</sup> March, 10am to 2pm, at York House, Richmond Road, Twickenham, Middlesex, TW1 3AA.

---

A special antiques and collectables valuation event will be taking place soon in your area. The experts of Lockdales Auctioneers will be providing free valuations to the public on Thursday 10<sup>th</sup> March, 10am to 2pm, at York House, Richmond Road, Twickenham, Middlesex, TW1 3AA.

There will be experts providing valuations on the following types of collectables: Coins (including British & World, sovereigns, Krugerrands, Royal Mint commemoratives & proof sets), stamps, banknotes, medals and militaria, antiques, clocks, watches, jewellery, gold, silver, pre-1900 documents/books & maps, cigarette-cards, postcards, pre-1960 sporting programmes & tickets, scientific instruments, swords, bayonets & de-activated weapons. No appointment is necessary at this event, simply turn up with your items and the valuers will be happy to see you.

Members of the public will have the option, if they wish, to consign their goods to auction (subject to terms & conditions). Cash purchase offers are also available. Valuations will be provided free of charge, with no obligation. High quality illustrated catalogues from previous auctions will be given away on a complimentary basis in order for the public to get a better idea of the services available.

These valuation days have proven to be very popular in the past, and we have conducted hundreds of them across the UK. Some of the best items we have auctioned were brought to us at these events, such as two pieces of Russian 17<sup>th</sup> century enamelled silverware, a bowl and a lidded pot, which we later sold on behalf of the owners for over &pound;75,000.

One of the most interesting items we have sold recently was a fragment of pennant flag believed to have been carried by the army of Richard III at the Battle of Bosworth. This was featured on television, and in newspapers nationwide. Sold for &pound;2800 as a speculative item, the feeling was strong overall that the story behind the flag is true. It was nice to handle a topical item such as this. (Coins of Richard III do very well also!)

If you have any questions feel free to contact Lockdales' Martlesham offices: 01473 627110, "sales@lockdales.com":mailto:sales@lockdales.com. For further information see our website "www.lockdales.com":http://www.lockdales.com
