---
layout: post
title: "Local Job Vacancy&#58; Property Photography Wanted"
permalink: /archives/2015/05/local_job_vacancy_property_photography_wanted.html
category: around_town
date: 2015-05-20 21:36:26

---

If you are a photographer and you have the relevant equipment you could work with us to supplement your income!

Our unique system is tailored to offer you work at times when you are available and you can work around your other commitments. We currently work with over 600 photographers, all are self-employed and earnings vary depending on availability. Our busiest earn in excess of &pound;4k per month!



We've leveraged our position in the property market to create significant volume for photographers with time on their hands during the week, which provides a great solution for earning additional income at a high monthly rate.

We work nationwide so complete our enquiry form if you would like to find out more about working with us!

h4. The Job:

We work exclusively with estate agents. They place an order and we send a professional to take the photos of the property and to sketch the Floor Plan. We need dedicated people who understand the importance of processing orders quickly and efficiently who are well presented, friendly and professional.

You will be liaising with vendors and estate agents to book your appointments, attending the property to take the photos and will then upload these to our system. We do the rest.

h4. About Us:

KeyAGENT IS the UK's leading provider of Property Photography and Floor Plans; we are experiencing rapid growth across the UK and are therefore looking to recruit photographers to commence work immediately. Experienced in photography having completed thousands of site visits and close to 1.5 million property photographs across the country, we understand the value of time and how to manage your workload to maximise your income.

h4. Requirements:

* DSLR Camera with external flash
* Ultra Wide Angle Lens (16-35/ 17-35/ 17-40mm for full frame or 10-20mm crop frame)
* Experienced Photographer
* Professional indemnity insurance

Our orders include Floor Plan sketching and we give full training over the phone, so experience is not essential, only preferred. By offering sketching you will earn more per job and also get more jobs.

To apply, "please complete our simple and short enquiry form":https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12Uc6P0ii8Spz2yQdJ98_72Hez7hirIM-godX5OSyIr0/viewform

DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT EQUIPMENT AND EXPERIENCE AS THESE ARE ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS AND WE WILL NOT CONSIDER YOUR APPLICATION UNLESS YOU SPECIFY THAT YOU MEET THESE.
