---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Give and Take Day"
permalink: /archives/2006/09/event_reminder_10.html
commentfile: 2006-09-12-event_reminder_10
category: around_town
date: 2006-09-12 16:30:05
excerpt: |
    The council is organising its first "Give and Take Day'":http://stmargarets.london/event/Meeting/200609121032, which is a free community re-use event. It is a great opportunity for people to donate unwanted items that are taking up room in the home and garage. Items donated will then be displayed for others to re-use, rather than be thrown away.  Alternately if you need something for the home or garden come along and find something for free!

---

_De-clutter your home, or furnish it for free, and help the environment!_

The council is organising its first "Give and Take Day":http://stmargarets.london/event/Meeting/200609121032, which is a free community re-use event. It is a great opportunity for people to donate unwanted items that are taking up room in the home and garage. Items donated will then be displayed for others to re-use, rather than be thrown away.  Alternately if you need something for the home or garden come along and find something for free!

Everyone is welcome and it is guaranteed to be a fun day out; there will be refreshments and a competition, a play area and activities for children, plus information on recycling, composting and much more!


h3. How a Give & Take Day Works

In the morning residents are invited to bring along unwanted household and garden items that are in good condition. In the afternoon (givers and non givers) then have the option to take what they feel they can re-use from the items available, and it’s all free of charge.

There will be a qualified electrician on site to safety test all electrical equipment before it is put out on display.  Everyone who brings items will be automatically entered into a prize draw to win one of a number of environmental prizes we have to give away -- ranging from compost bins to a week's supply of organic vegetables.

* *GIVE*
_10am - 11.30am_
unwanted household and garden items -- clean and in good condition
* *TAKE*
_12pm - 3pm_
what you need and can make use of, leaving something for others



