---
layout: post
title: "Moormead Park -- Community Challenge"
permalink: /archives/2006/06/moormead_park_c_1.html
commentfile: 2006-06-01-moormead_park_c_1
category: around_town
date: 2006-06-01 21:29:08
excerpt: |
    _Calling all handymen and women who enjoy painting, decorating and generally mucking in..._
    
    "Pavilion Clearing Out Day":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/Meeting/200606011527, will be on Saturday 24 June, from 11am.  The Council will provide the skip, what we need are some volunteers to help lift and lug. 

---

_Calling all handymen and women who enjoy painting, decorating and generally mucking in..._

"Pavilion Clearing Out Day":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/Meeting/200606011527, will be on Saturday 24 June, from 11am.  The Council will provide the skip, what we need are some volunteers to help lift and lug. 

Following various public meetings regarding Moormead, the overall consensus is that, aside from some updating on existing facilities, little needs to be changed at the park.

The three things that have been highlighted are; the childrens' playground, low level landscaping and the pavilion. It is hoped that the refurbished playground, chosen by local parents and children, will be open in time for St Margarets Fair, 15 July.  Planting of new bulbs will take place this Autumn and plans for new lighting and seating have been agreed and will be completed by July.

This leaves the pavilion.  The general response has been to keep it for community use; football and cricket clubs, local schools. We are currently raising funds for a more substantial refurbishment, but for now we want to spruce it up, clean it out and repaint it, inside and out. The hope is to do this in time for St Margarets Fair so that it can be used properly over the summer.

If you are able to join us for this Moormead community day, please do call or email Claire Wilson –-- 020 8744 0700, "corpunit@aol.com":mailto:corpunit@aol.com.

_Everyone is welcome._




