---
layout: post
title: "Beware Bogus 'Charities' and Third World Appeals"
permalink: /archives/2006/11/beware_bogus_ch.html
commentfile: 2006-11-30-beware_bogus_ch
category: editorial
date: 2006-11-30 15:14:55

---

Residents regularly receive leaflets asking for items of clothing and household goods to be left for collection.

It is estimated by the _Association of Charity Shops_ that the potential value of donated clothing and other items 'lost' to legitimate charities as a result of these bogus 'charities' collections amounts to over &pound;1 million per annum. Many genuine charities rely on such doorstep collections for a substantial proportion of their shop sales.

h3. Not All Alleged Charities are Registered

If unsure the number on the leaflet can be checked with _The Central Register of Charities_ on 0845 3000 218 or online at  "www.charity-commission.gov.uk":http://www.charity-commission.gov.uk/.

For example, leaflets have recently been distributed in St Margarets by Cotrado Ltd ("5545502":http://www.charity-commission.gov.uk/registeredcharities/showcharity.asp?regno=5545502&submit=Run+Search). This is not a registered charity.

h3. Third World Clothing Appeal Scams

A number of 'companies' purport to collect clothing and other items for the poor in third world countries.  These 'companies' sell them for their own gain.

Leaflets will include a company registration number. These 'companies' although registered, are not legitimate and may have been dissolved.  They are not or do not submit accounts so not only are they making a profit they are also avoiding paying taxes.

If unsure the number or 'company' name on the leaflet can be checked with _Companies House_ on 0870 33 33 636 or online at "www.companies-house.gov.uk":http://www.companies-house.gov.uk/ ("direct link to the search page":http://wck2.companieshouse.gov.uk/)

h3. Remember

If you do have unwanted items it is better to take them to a local charity shop or wait until a registered charity bag is put through your door rather than encourage these bogus companies to continue.
 
Some 'companies' to look out for include:

* A&P Collection Ltd ("5769478":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=05769478) -- Incorporated April 2006 
* ASD Ltd ("4497391":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=4497391) -- Registered as dissolved company Olonex
* Europe Suppliers Ltd ("5401427":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=5401427) -- Incorporated March 2005 
* G.V. Clothing ("4333357":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=4333357) -- Green Valley Clothing Ltd: dissolved August 2004 
* Kraslava Services Seven Ltd ("04899445":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=04899445) -- Company dissolved Sept. 2005 
* Textal Ltd ("5733047":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=5733047) -- Registered in March 2006 as Recycling Port Ltd 
* Third World Clothing Collection ("5482825":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=5482825) -- Incorporated as Pajury's June 2005 
* "Unwanted clothing collection" ("5583979":http://www.ukdata.com/creditreports/viewCompanyDetails.do?companyId=5583979) -- Registered as Rogaile Ltd Oct. 2005

<em>-- by Maddie Menzies</em>


{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
