---
layout: post
title: "Police in Zorans"
permalink: /archives/2006/02/police_in_zoran.html
commentfile: 2006-02-22-police_in_zoran
category: news
date: 2006-02-22 09:00:50

---

The Police are coming to St Margarets!

In an innovative new move PC Alan Richens will be holding a surgery in "Zorans Delicatessen":/cgi-bin/directory.cgi?key=200506220002&action=getlisting on Crown Road in the heart of St Margarets.

Over a skinny decaff latte you will be able to approach the local police with any information, concerns or questions. 

In an interview with the "St Margarets Community Website":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/ PC Richens said, "This is an opportunity for people to approach the police with their concerns or questions." The police are pleased to be in the high street, to be part of the local community and are grateful to Zoran for providing the space to try this out. Previously the police tried to hold surgeries in York House at the civic centre but no one came.


The first surgeries will be on "Wednesday 1<sup>st</sup> March":/cgi-bin/events.cgi?key=200602220259&action=getevent and "Wednesday 15<sup>th</sup> March":/cgi-bin/events.cgi?key=200602220260&action=getevent between 2 and 4 pm. After that it is hoped that there will be two surgeries a month probably on a Wednesday. Watch this space for more details.

At the moment the police are concerned about a number of burglaries in the area. They have asked us to ask you to be vigilant, please leave your home properly secured and keep your valuables out of sight. Do not let anyone into your house to read the gas or other meter with out him or her showing you the correct identification. If in doubt don’t let them in.

If you see anyone acting suspiciously don’t be afraid to call 999 in an emergency.

If you would like to contact PC Richens but can’t get to the surgery in Zorans you can email him on "alan.ej.richens@met.police.uk":mailto:alan.ej.richens@met.police.uk or call 07879 432330.



