---
layout: post
title: "Easter Break Ideas for the Kids"
permalink: /archives/2006/03/easter_break_id.html
commentfile: 2006-03-30-easter_break_id
category: around_town
date: 2006-03-30 20:45:45
excerpt: |
    Once again we have tried to put together a list of some different ideas of things to take the kids to over the Easter holidays. Two weeks of fun with the little ones!

---

Once again we have tried to put together a list of some different ideas of things to take the kids to over the Easter holidays. Two weeks of fun with the little ones!

Please if you have ideas or favorite things to do, please share them with us by adding a comment.
As always, please check the venues to confirm times and dates and for any additional information, if you are planning on attending any.



h3. Easter Egg Hunts -- _some familiar and some a bit more "unusual"_

h4. Ham House Easter Egg Hunt

Sunday 16 to Monday 17 April 2006

A garden trail drop-in event for children with chocolate prizes. 

Time: Between 11am to 3pm
Price(s): Children: &pound;2.50 Normal admission charges apply. 
Contact:020 8940 1950
Notes: Pay on day. Suitable for wheelchair users. Gates open at 11am

h4. Imperial War Museum Easter Egg Hunt

8 Apr 2006 to 17 Apr 2006  all day event

Easter holiday activity -- Follow the specially devised trail and discover the eggs hidden around the Museum!

Admission is Free!!!

h4. Kew Gardens Easter Egg Hunt 

16 April

On Easter Sunday there will be an Easter Egg Hunt across the Gardens. To collect your FREE egg, simply gather 2 tokens from the Easter Chicks and then find the Easter Bunny hopping around the Gardens. 

The hunt runs from 10am - 2pm, or until they run out. Use your Visitor Handout, given out on arrival, to help find the Chicks and the Easter Bunny. 

h4. London Eye Easter Egg Hunt 

1 April - 23rd April 2006 

This Easter, a turn on the wheel is spiced up by an inspired seasonal twist that is heaps of fun for youngsters.  If you take your family on the London Eye between 1st April and 23 April, your kiddies can be part of London's biggest Easter egg hunt.  Hiding somewhere in the capital's skyline is a custom-made giant Easter egg.  The children just need to spot it!  If they manage to catch a glimpse of it and then mark its location down on a special Easter map your entire family will get entered into a competition to win a holiday.  

Venue: The London Eye
Address: Westminster Bridge Road, SE1
Phone: 0870 220 2223
Date: 1st April - 23rd April 2006 
Time: Daily 10:00 - 21:00  
Price: &pound;13.00 (Adult), &pound;6.50 (Child)
Nearest Station: Waterloo Tube / Rail

h4. Easter in Harrods 

8th April - 17th April 2006 

Harrods is putting on a scrumptious display of Easter activities this year.  The shop never does things by half and this small holiday festival promises to be no different. 

On arrival at the store, you should usher your little tykes straight up to the Toy Kingdom on the fourth floor.  From 8th to 17th April kiddies can take part in their Easter Egg Hunt which is set to be oodles of fun.  You just need to pick up a form from Toy Enquiries, grab the clues and send your intrepid bunch off round the store in search of five different Easter eggs with a letter on.  They should eventually come back with a word which can be filled in on the form and then taken to the lower ground floor for the chance to win Beatrix Potter goodies and of course, piles of lip-smacking chocolate. 

Harrods is also hosting an animal road show this Easter.  On Easter Monday, The Toy Kingdom will be full of leaping furry lambs, little yellow squawking chicks and very cuddly bouncing bunnies.  Children can pet, stroke (as opposed to yank and poke) the animals to their hearts content.  They can also fire dozens of curious questions at the on-site expert animal handlers. 

Over Easter Weekend, Harrod's has called in a troop of clowns to entertain the children.  Rainbow the Clown is a particular favourite with discerning young audiences.

h3. Workshops and events

h4. "Natural History Museum":http://www.nhm.ac.uk

* Saturday 1 April 2006
Workshop - Roll up your sleeves and join our artists for exciting crafty workshops. 11:00 - 13:00, 14:00 - 16:00 
* Sunday 2 April 2006
Gallery character -Meet pioneering fossil hunter Mary Anning 11:30 - 13:00, 14:00 - 15:30 
Wednesday 5 April 2006 - Gallery character -Discover how Sir Hans Sloane brought chocolate into our lives. 11:30 - 13:00, 14:00 - 15:30 
* Saturday 8 April 2006
Gallery character - Hear William Smith explain how his geological maps changed our understanding of the world. 11:30 - 13:00, 14:00 - 15:30 
* Tuesday 11 April 2006
Gallery character -Help Circadian Sam sort out which animals should be asleep and which should be awake. 11:30 - 13:00, 14:00 - 15:30 
* Friday 14 April 2006
Gallery character -Meet pioneering fossil hunter Mary Anning 11:30 - 13:00, 14:00 - 15:30 
* Saturday 15 April 2006
Workshop This Easter colour your eggs the natural way 11:00, 14:00
Workshop -Roll up your sleeves and join our artists for exciting crafty workshops -11:00 - 13:00, 14:00 - 16:00 
* Sunday 16 April 2006
Gallery character -Accompany palaeontologist Dorothea Bate on a journey of discovery with her fossils finds. 11:30 - 13:00, 14:00 - 15:30

h4. "Kew":http://www.rbgkew.org.uk/events/spring2006/easter.htm

*  14 - 23 April 
*Animal Farm*
The Farm makes a return, offering children the chance to get close, stroke and feed typical farmyard animals, from ducklings and chicks, to baby goats and rabbits. The farm is open 11am - 4pm weekdays and 11am - 5pm weekends and bank holidays.
* 1 - 18 April
*Climbers and Creepers*
The Climbers and Creepers play zone will hold a school holiday programme of interactive craft activities, talks and games designed to educate children on the biological processes of spring.   
Every morning from 11am - 12.30pm children will be able to colour in some seasonal pictures to take home. _Afternoon Sessions at 2pm, 3pm and 4pm_
** 1 - 7 April
Join Buzzie Bee and friends for a week of spring fun and games, as well as creative activities. 
** 8 - 14 April
Take home a seasonal gift which you have made in Climbers and Creepers. 
** 15 - 18 April
Egg themed fun at Climbers and Creepers. 

Afternoon sessions last 20 minutes and take a maximum of 20 children. Sessions are ticketed and tickets are issued by staff in Climbers and Creepers on a first come, first served basis for that day's activities only. Activities are intended for children aged 3-9 - materials used are not suitable for those under 3 years old. Children must be accompanied by an adult at all times whilst in Climbers and Creepers. 

h4. "National Portrait Gallery":http://www.npg.org.uk/live/edfamilyevents.asp

All events are free, except where indicated. Some require a ticket, which can be obtained from the Information Desk at the Gallery on the day of the event. Please note worshop places are limited and are allocated on a first-come, first served basis. Children must be accompanied by an adult at all times. 

* Saturday 8 April
12.30, repeated at 2.30pm. Meet in Main Hall 
*Small Faces*
Free monthly family session exploring portraits in the collections, followed by an art activity. Suitable for children aged 5+. Tickets required and available on the day.
* Saturday 8 April
1pm, repeated at 2pm and 3pm. Meet in Main Hall
*Are You Sitting Comfortably?*
Join storyteller Sudha Mooney as she takes you on a fantastical journey around the Gallery
Suitable for children under 5 and their carers. No ticket required. 
* 10,11,12 and 13 April
*Icons and Idols*
12.30pm, repeated at 2.30pm. Meet in Main Hall
A week of free creative sessions suitable for children aged 5+ and their carers inspired by the Tickets available on the day.
* Monday 10 April
*Magnificent Mugs*
Decorate a cup with a portrait of your hero using special ceramic paints
* Tuesday 11 April
*In the Frame*
Design and make a photo fame using jewels and gems
* Wednesday 12 April
*Bend it Like Beckham*
Construct a wire sculpture of your favourite portrait
* Thursday 13 April
*Pop Idol Print*
Print a postcard of your Pop Idol 


h3. Other Easter Fun

h4. Breakfast with the Bunny  - Hard Rock Caf{e'} London

Easter Sunday 2006 

This Easter Sunday, the capital's kiddies are invited to dine with none other than the Easter Bunny down at the Hard Rock Caf{e'}.  They're planning to lay on a feast of a breakfast buffet so expect a whole raft of pancakes, sausages, bacon, eggs, cereal, toast and bagels. Yum.  

As well as bunnies and breakfasts, they're also running a number of really entertaining activities.  Kiddies can flex their creative talent with a spot of egg painting.  There will also be lots of colourful face painting – always a winner with the kids.  Be warned, however, you could be scrubbing your children clean late into the night.  

All this, plus a rock 'n' roll egg hunt, games, giveaways and goodie bags promise a seriously fun-filled day. 

Booking is advised for the day of activities on Easter Sunday. 

Venue: The Hard Rock Caf{e'} London 
Address: 150 Old Park Lane, W1K
Phone: 020 7514 1700
Date: Easter Sunday
Time: From 10:00
Price: &pound;9.95 (Adult), &pound;6.95 (Child)
Nearest Station: Hyde Park Corner Tube

h4. Other Ideas

* Visit the Princess Diana playground in Kensington Park. Big pirate ship for kids of all ages to jump around on as well as tons of other things to entertain the kids.
* Check out the animals at the London Zoo or Bocketts Farm.
* Poke around Borough Market and pick up some fresh food for dinner.
* Walk through Holland Park, daffodils should be in bloom, look for the Peacocks, and check out the adventure playground
* Go to Battersea Park and check out the children's zoo-other corner of the park also has a big adventure playground and (at least during the summer) there is a neat fountain that turns on and off. 
* Didn't get all the listings this time around but check out some children's theatre at The Polka Theatre, The Lyric in Hammersmith, or The Tricycle Theatre not to mention the brand new purpose built children's theatre along the southbank -- the Unicorn Theatre.






