---
layout: post
title: "Charity Auction for Turner's House - 12 January 2016"
permalink: /archives/2015/11/charity_auction_for_turners_house_12_january_2016.html
commentfile: 2015-11-19-charity_auction_for_turners_house_12_january_2016
category: around_town
date: 2015-11-19 21:08:35

---

_Leading UK artists and Dreweatts auction house collaborate to save Turner's House at Donnington Priory saleroom 10 am 12<sup>th</sup> January 2016._

Leading UK artists have generously donated works to support Turner's House Trust restoration appeal. They will be auctioned in a sale to include paintings, prints, ceramics and clocks at Dreweatts, Donnington Priory, near Newbury on Tuesday 12<sup>th</sup> January.

The catalogue includes paintings from Royal Academicians Christopher Le Brun, President of the Royal Academy, Diana Armfield, Basil Beattie, Frank Bowling, Rose Hilton, Ken Howard, Tom Phillips and Terry Setch. All works in the auction are by leading UK contemporary artists.



The paintings will be on view at Dreweatts, Donnington Priory from 8<sup>th</sup> to 11<sup>th</sup> January. Visit "www.dreweatts.com":http://www.dreweatts.com for opening hours. The catalogue will be available to view online shortly. The artists will donate the total proceeds from the sale of their paintings to the appeal and Dreweatts will not be taking a commission.

bq.. "This is certainly an exciting contribution to our appeal fund, for which we are hugely appreciative. Following Stage 2 Heritage Lottery Funding of &pound;1.4 million in January this year, and other generous trust and private donations, the project still needs to raise &pound;155,000 to close our funding gap - vital to our project.

"Hence we are thrilled to receive this wonderful support from the art world."

p. ??Catherine Parry-Wingfield, Chairman, Turner's House Trust??

<cite>-- from a press release - 19 November 2015</cite>




