---
layout: post
title: "Speed Volunteering Opportunity at Ham House - 7 to 11 September 2015"
permalink: /archives/2015/08/speed_volunteering_opportunity_at_ham_house_7_to_1.html
commentfile: 2015-08-28-speed_volunteering_opportunity_at_ham_house_7_to_1
category: around_town
date: 2015-08-28 18:45:05

---

This September, a huge project will be taking place at Ham House. Over five days, one hundred volunteers will take part in the effort to clear the historic avenues that lead up to the house. We're looking for groups from the local community to help make this happen.

Join our One Day Workforce to help restore lush avenues and protect the wildlife habitat of our old estate. Working with the National Trust, in collaboration with Operation Centaur and Thames Landscape Strategy, this is a rare and memorable opportunity to work in a team alongside magnificent shire horses to clear our avenues and make hay the traditional way.

Volunteers will:

* Clear the avenues of brambles and litter ready for horse powered mowing.
* Rake, stack and load hay onto the hay wagon.
* Talk to the public about the project and ensure dogs are kept on lead.

Each day's objectives will differ depending on progress made the day before, so volunteers should be prepared to take part in a variety of tasks.

By getting involved you could:

* Add some great volunteering experience to your CV.
* Learn more about Ham House and the National Trust.
* Meet new people and work as part of an important team of enthusiastic volunteers!
* Improve the teamworking skills within your club or organisation.
* Enjoy the outdoors, and work in the wonderful environment that we experience every day a Ham House!

The event will be taking place from Monday 7<sup>th</sup> September until Friday 11<sup>th</sup> September. If your organisation is interested in putting together a team of volunteers, or if you are simply happy to advertise the opportunity within your organisation, we are here to take your enquiries and questions.

h4. More Information

* Isabelle Taylor - "Isabelle.Taylor@nationaltrust.org.uk":mailto:Isabelle.Taylor@nationaltrust.org.uk; 07912 179456
* Victoria Rouse - "Victoria.Rouse@nationaltrust.org.uk":mailto:Victoria.Rouse@nationaltrust.org.uk; 020 8439 8247




