---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; The Lake Twins at Turner's House - 20 to 24 August 2015"
permalink: /archives/2015/08/event_reminder_the_lake_twins_at_turners_house_20.html
commentfile: 2015-08-07-event_reminder_the_lake_twins_at_turners_house_20
category: around_town
date: 2015-08-07 12:10:52
excerpt: |
    _A new interpretation of JMW Turner as artist and architect_
    
    The Lake Twins at Turner's House is an exciting new exhibition by the internationally exhibited, London-based artist twins Phoebe and Lydia Lake, who have gained acclaim from previous work at heritage sites.

---

_A new interpretation of JMW Turner as artist and architect_

The Lake Twins at Turner's House is an exciting new exhibition by the internationally exhibited, London-based artist twins Phoebe and Lydia Lake, who have gained acclaim from previous work at heritage sites.

The artworks in graphite on paper explore the twins' interpretation of Turner's architectural intentions. Enticed by the symmetry of his design when they first visited Turner's House, the Twins have spent days working there, absorbing the atmosphere and referencing the Regency architecture in their unique style.

Phoebe and Lydia are identical twins who work collaboratively; Phoebe is left-handed and Lydia right-handed. They create their drawings independently but working side by side. The result is a reimagined view of Turner's House that draws on symmetry. The symmetry is depicted in the drawing, but also dictates the way the twins work.

"We are inspired by Turner's drawings, his relationship with his father and the symmetry of the house and wanted to respond to this in both our making process and visual outcomes," explained the twins.

Catherine Parry-Wingfield, chair of Turner's House Trust said: "We are delighted to host this exhibition reflecting exciting young talent, which I hope will introduce Turner in Twickenham to a new audience, and this fresh perspective will intrigue and delight our traditional supporters."

"The exhibition runs from 20<sup>th</sup> to 24<sup>th</sup> August, from 12-6pm each day. Entry is free.":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/exhibition/200705145140




