---
layout: post
title: "Residents and Lib Dem Councillors Celebrate Langhorn Drive Victory"
permalink: /archives/2015/05/residents_and_lib_dem_councillors_celebrate_langho.html
commentfile: 2015-05-21-residents_and_lib_dem_councillors_celebrate_langho
category: news
date: 2015-05-21 18:59:02

---

This week, proposals for Richmond upon Thames College's redevelopment were unexpectedly rewritten - and for the benefit of local residents.  Richmond upon Thames College's proposed redevelopment withdrew its original plan to allow road access to its housing element via existing residential roads surrounding the College.  The revised proposals, which come on the back of serious residential dissatisfaction with the original plan, sees Langhorn Drive proposed as the sole route for vehicle access. The new plans will require the construction of an improved junction at the interface of Langhorn Drive and the A316 (Chertsey Road) to allow for a suitable right-hand turning.


The original proposals put forward by the College and its partners were met with widespread residential and local Councillor opposition due to legitimate concerns about traffic, parking and road safety.

Indeed, Cllr Ehmann was minuted in the last meeting of the development's consultative group as stating that "...the provision of access via Langhorn Drive was a necessity and a 'red line issue' for the [Liberal Democrat] ward councillors."

Speaking about the change of access arrangements to the Richmond Education and Enterprise Campus (REEC), Councillor Ehmann said:


bq. "We've been working flat-out with residents to ensure all road traffic for the new development would come only via Langhorn Drive.  The original proposals to route traffic through the residential roads of Heathfield North, Heathfield South, Egerton Road, Craneford Way and Court Way were absolute madness and would have rightly met with massive residential opposition."


He added:


bq. "The news that Richmond College and its partners in the REEC development have reconsidered their original proposal and acted on the concerns of residents is a triumph for common-sense and a testament to the advocacy of the local community. It is simply brilliant news that access will be exclusively via Langhorn Drive. My fellow Councillors and I are over-the-moon on behalf of residents!"


<cite>-- from Richmond and Twickenham Liberal Democrats - 19 May 2015</cite>



