---
layout: post
title: "Deer Park School Announces Headteacher"
permalink: /archives/2015/03/deer_park_school_announces_headteacher.html
commentfile: 2015-03-27-deer_park_school_announces_headteacher
category: news
date: 2015-03-27 22:29:05

---

Deer Park School, the new primary free school which plans to open with one Reception class in Richmond this September, has announced its Headteacher Designate.

Alison Colenso will be joining Deer Park School from Lowther Primary School in Barnes in May, where she has been Deputy Head for four years. Alison has a BA Honours degree and Qualified Teacher Status and she has a proven track record as a class teacher across the primary range and as a senior leader at borough level. She has been part of the Kingston/Richmond community for 25 years, teaching in the Borough of Richmond for 13 years.

In her previous roles, Alison had particular responsibility for assessment, behaviour and teaching and learning. Managing change and developing middle leaders has been Alison's key focus over the last three years due to the expansion from a one-form to two-form primary school at Lowther Primary School.

Alison said: "I am thrilled to have been appointed as Headteacher at Deer Park School. I have lived in the Richmond area for 25 years (working in primary schools for 13 of these) and I am committed to developing Deer Park to be a highly regarded educational establishment for the benefit of the whole "As a highly skilled and established Deputy Headteacher and leading borough teacher, my experiences and skills in developing schools will be put to use in this exciting new venture.

bq. "I look forward to facilitating an excellent education for all children in my school and am fully committed to making Deer Park a school of which the community can be proud. I look forward to meeting prospective parents at our 17<sup>th</sup> April Open Event."

Prospective families with children due to start school this September and beyond will have the opportunity to meet Alison at the school's Open Events, which will be held on Friday 17<sup>th</sup> April from 5.30pm - 7.00pm and 7.00pm - 8.30pm at Richmond Adult Community College, Parkshot, Richmond TW9 2RE. To help the school plan each session, parents are asked to confirm their attendance by booking their place via the online form at "www.deerparkschool.org.uk/events":http://www.deerparkschool.org.uk/events or by leaving a message on 0845 459 0113 stating their name, contact number, the number of people in their party and the session they wish to attend.

In essence, an application to Deer Park School is a risk-free choice for 2015 as applications are made in addition to the usual Local Authority process. This gives parents and carers a chance they may be offered two places, one from Deer Park School and one through the Local Authority. Applications can be made by 10<sup>th</sup> April 2015 directly to Deer Park School via the online form on the school's website, "www.deerparkschool.org.uk":http://www.deerparkschool.org.uk.

To be kept-up-to date with the school's progress, please sign up to receive the school's e-newsletter at "www.deerparkschool.org.uk/register":http://www.deerparkschool.org.uk/register or follow the school on Facebook or Twitter.

<cite>-- from a Deer Park School press release - 20 March 2015</cite>




