---
layout: post
title: "20 Ideas for... Mother's Day"
permalink: /archives/2013/03/20_ideas_for_mothers_day.html
commentfile: 2013-03-08-20_ideas_for_mothers_day
category: around_town
date: 2013-03-08 22:09:00
excerpt: |
    Here are 20 Ideas for Mother's Day...whether you're looking for some time off, or a special day with the family...
    
    # *Tea and flowers*
    Petersham Nurseries resident florists Ronny de Koning and Thomas Broom will be making beautiful and fragrant, seasonal hand-tied bouquets for Mother's Day which you can pre-order from Friday 8<sup>th</sup>. If you are coming for lunch at Petersham Nurseries Caf&#233; on Mother's Day, you can pre-order to have your bouquet delivered to your table! To order, call 020 8940 5230 or email "nfo@petershamnurseries.com":mailto:nfo@petershamnurseries.com.
    # *Get green-fingered for Mother's Day*
    From Thursday 7<sup>th</sup> - Sunday 10<sup>th</sup>, Squires Garden Centre, Twickenham is giving your kids the chance to get creative and plant their own container featuring three colourful flowers and a pretty bow.
    # *Enjoy Mother's Day lunch with Upsy Daisy!*
    A very special guest will be turning up at Greenacres Kids Cafe in Hampton Hill for a  Mother's Day lunch on Friday 8<sup>th</sup> which includes "Mummy" arts and crafts sessions, games, activities, prizes and a visit from In the Night Garden's First Lady.
    

---

Here are 20 Ideas for Mother's Day...whether you're looking for some time off, or a special day with the family...

# *Tea and flowers*
Petersham Nurseries resident florists Ronny de Koning and Thomas Broom will be making beautiful and fragrant, seasonal hand-tied bouquets for Mother's Day which you can pre-order from Friday 8<sup>th</sup>. If you are coming for lunch at Petersham Nurseries Caf&#233; on Mother's Day, you can pre-order to have your bouquet delivered to your table! To order, call 020 8940 5230 or email "nfo@petershamnurseries.com":mailto:nfo@petershamnurseries.com.
# *Get green-fingered for Mother's Day*
From Thursday 7<sup>th</sup> - Sunday 10<sup>th</sup>, Squires Garden Centre, Twickenham is giving your kids the chance to get creative and plant their own container featuring three colourful flowers and a pretty bow.
# *Enjoy Mother's Day lunch with Upsy Daisy!*
A very special guest will be turning up at Greenacres Kids Cafe in Hampton Hill for a  Mother's Day lunch on Friday 8<sup>th</sup> which includes "Mummy" arts and crafts sessions, games, activities, prizes and a visit from In the Night Garden's First Lady.
# *Mother's Day Weekend afternoon tea, Hampton Court Palace*
Treat yourself to a delectable afternoon tea at the Garden Room, set in the beautiful Tiltyard Gardens at Hampton Court Palace. Choose from a selection of sandwiches and decadent cakes - or even a glass of champagne!
# *Enjoy FREE tea and cake for Mums at the Pottery Cafe, East Twickenham*
Kids can make a gift for Mum at Happy Potter in Teddington where they have lots of different pottery ideas. If you'd prefer to do it on Mothering Sunday, mum's tea and cake and a home baked cupcake are free while you and the kids decorate a beautiful Emma Bridgewater jug or tea pot and pop in some spring flowers at the family friendly Pottery Cafe in East Twickenham.
# *Mother's Day Lunch, WWT London Wetland Centre, Barnes*
If you and your loved ones really want to push the boat out...head down to the Wetland Centre in Barnes for a four course lunch and live music! You also get a welcome strawberry daiquiri in the Water's Edge Room, plus a gift for every mum. Booking is essential.
# *National Trust - Ham House*
Ham House and Gardens are hosting arts and crafts sessions where children can make a special gift for Mum to take home.
# *Women of the World Festival, Southbank*
Take a different approach to Mother's Day and join the festival of talks, debates, music, film and comedy celebrating women!  Running from 6-10<sup>th</sup> March, it includes topics such as 'Is Jane Austen still relevant?', an Under 10's Feminist Corner and talks from feminist writers Naomi Wolf and Alice Walker.
# *Enjoy the blooms at Kew Gardens, Wisley or The Savill Garden*
Have time off from the family and join in one of the many walks and tours of the Gardens. Or just enjoy the stunning beauty of bulbs in bloom, including snowdrops, crocuses, and daffodils as spring starts to show its face. Don't forget lunch in the Orangery at Kew or tea and cake in one of the many cafes!
# *Have a stroll along the river*
There are so many fantastic stretches of the river to walk in Richmond Borough - and luckily, there are plenty of cafes to rest up and enjoy a hot chocolate. The Flying Cloud Cafe at Teddington Lock is offering Mums a free tea/coffee when the kids buy her a cake!
# *Get pampered*
Life as a Mum is hectic but everyone deserve an hour off...so  head to one of the many health and beauty clinics locally and treat yourself to a facial, massage or perhaps relax into a Pilates or Yoga session. Te London, based in Strawberry Hill, do terrific pampering.
# *Mother's Day lunch at local pubs and restaurants*
It's become tradition that many local pubs and restaurants put on special Mother's Day menus and often provide gifts or treats. Give yourself a day off worrying about what the kids will/won't eat and let someone else feed your family - preferably a generous Sunday roast!
# *Local theatres*
Make it a family occasion and take in a performance at one of the local theatres. On Saturday you can see 'Nobody rides the Unicorn' at the Lyric, Hammersmith or choose from 'Grimm Tales' or 'Mavis Sparkle', Polka at Wimbledon.  On Sunday, Watermans Theatre, Brentford has a special Mother's Day Treat performance of 'Bringing down the Moon'.
# *Burn off some energy with indoor play*
If you can't think of a better way to spend Mother's Day than sliding down tunnels and jumping in ball pits then head to your local soft play. The kids will love it and you might just wear them out enough to get a break in the afternoon. Mums go free at Snakes and Ladders, Brentford.
# *See an art exhibition*
Walk underneath the giant spider Maman installed outside the Tate Modern, or head to the interactive Light Show at Hayward Gallery. Or stay local and visit the Landmark Arts Centre in Teddington for their Contemporary Textiles Fair. Kids welcome.
# *Family cycle ride along the River Crane*
Get your family on their bikes (or on the back of yours) and cycle along the River Crane. You can make a refreshment break or feed the ducks in Crane Park and look out for spring birds as you head to the Nature Reserve and the Shot Tower.
# *Afternoon Tea*
Try the Waldorf Astoria for afternoon tea. The Capability restaurant, part of the London Syon Park Hotel, invites tea-lovers to come along and indulge themselves with a selection of high-class sandwiches, scones and pastries. Sessions run from 2:30 - 6pm daily and provide a three-tier offering of fancy snacks combined with a choice of teas fit for royalty.
# *Flower Arranging*
Want to do something special with your Mum? The Covent Garden Academy of Flowers is holding a special one day course giving you the opportunity to spend time with someone special, and mark the occasion with a flower creation made and designed by you.
# *House and Gardens*
Syon House, Osterley Park and Chiswick House are all fantastic for a relaxing stroll and the kids can let off steam running around the gorgeous gardens.
# *Chocolate*
For the complete indulgence visit William Curley, Richmond. We're not talking about a simple truffle here and there, we're talking apricot pate de fruit and wasabiganache, earl grey tea and Toscano dark and milk chocolate, Kyoto green tea and dark chocolate cubes, sea salt caramels, thyme and Scottish heather honey parcels and Japanese black rice vinegar and dark chocolate ganache...yum.

Produced by For Sanity's Sake "www.forsanityssake.com":http://www.forsanityssake.com - the local activity website for kids.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
