---
layout: post
title: "artsrichmond Young Writers' Festival 2013"
permalink: /archives/2013/11/artsrichmond_young_writers_festival_2013.html
commentfile: 2013-11-22-artsrichmond_young_writers_festival_2013
category: news
date: 2013-11-22 21:09:58

---

artsrichmond's Young Writers' Festival is open to all young people who either live or attend schools/clubs in the Borough of Richmond upon Thames. It is a chance to show off your writing skills in any form: stories, descriptive writing, poems, playlets, lyrics for songs, blogs - whatever your imagination can devise.

Entries are judged in four age groups with prizes for all shortlisted entrants. In addition artsrichmond appoint a Young Laureate with an award of &pound;200 and a Junior Laureate awarded &pound;100, and provide opportunities during the following year to write about events taking place in the borough, for possible publication. The Laureate Awards are being generously supported this year by the Barnes Literary Society to celebrate their 10<sup>th</sup> Anniversary.

All shortlisted entrants will be invited to a gala awards event at the Orange Tree Theatre in March/April 2014.



h4. Rules: The entry rules are very simple:

* Entrants may write about any subject of their choice, in any form, not exceeding 500 words or 25 lines for a poem, in a typed format. Extracts from longer pieces will be accepted.

h4. Entries will be judged in the following age categories:

* School Years 4 and under
* School Years 5 and 6
* School Years 7 to 10
* School Years 11 and over

h4. More Information

* Send your entry to: artsrichmond, 3 Phoenix Wharf, Eel Pie Island, Twickenham, TW1 3DY or e-mail: "info@artsrichmond.org.uk":mailto:info@artsrichmond.org.uk
* Please give full name, address, telephone number, e-mail, date of birth, school year and school/club you are attending in a covering letter/message (not on the entry itself).
* Deadline for entries: 10 January 2014



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
