---
layout: post
title: "DIYers, Please Help a Great Local Charity"
permalink: /archives/2013/01/diyers_please_help_a_great_local_charity.html
commentfile: 2013-01-10-diyers_please_help_a_great_local_charity
category: around_town
date: 2013-01-10 22:06:49

---

The "Richmond Furniture Scheme":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/directory/charity/200703111434 - your local re-use charity - has a warehouse in Twickenham where good-quality re-used furniture is displayed and sold at competitive prices.  The Scheme was set up to help people on benefits, but is now open to anyone. We are keen to increase circulation of furniture coming in and out of the warehouse so as to reduce the amount of bulky goods going to landfill.

We provide training opportunities in basic carpentry and maintenance to young people, and offer work-experience to the long-term unemployed.
To provide a good service

* We rely on people giving us donations of good-quality furniture.
* We also rely on volunteers to help with gardening, basic maintenance, warehouse and office work, carpentry and customer service

In particular, we are urgently looking for someone to help us with a _one-off project_. We want to convert a small lobby in our warehouse into a reception area. This will make us more efficient. If there is anyone who has building and maintenance skills, and is willing to volunteer some time, please contact us.

If you can help in any way phone  0208 274 9517





{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
