---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Easter Party for Under 4s - 10 April 2013"
permalink: /archives/2013/03/event_reminder_easter_party_for_under_4s_10_april.html
commentfile: 2013-03-27-event_reminder_easter_party_for_under_4s_10_april
category: around_town
date: 2013-03-27 21:05:39

---

"For Sanity's Sake":http://www.forsanityssake.com - the local activity website for kids, are organising a Easter Party on "Wednesday, 10<sup>th</sup> April 2013":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/event/200705143815 for children 4 months - under 4 years with The Little Gym and Happy Potter.

You and your little one can enjoy a 40 minute class of gymnastics and 30 minutes of professional arts/crafts with Happy Potter providing a ceramic egg to paint, included in the ticket price - you can put hand/finger prints on the egg shape depending on the age of the child. There will be the option of painting an egg cup too.  It will be held at The Little Gym Hampton Hill first class facilities. It's a new, bright, big building with an enormous gym room, play area and back room/kitchen.

The Little Gym will give each and every child the chance to tumble, jump and balance to music, all superbly co-ordinated by the specially trained instructors. Each session will be tailored to the age of the children so younger children will benefit also - you don't need to walk to be swung on ropes, slide or adventure on the crash mat / soft play facilities. Toddlers and 3 year olds will be in heaven with all the latest equipment, which includes specialist bars, beams, giant rolling balls, adventure courses, crash mats, hoops and nets. The class will be 40 minutes so they can lots of time to experience all the equipment.

Session numbers are limited to 18 kids per session (maximum) so that there's plenty of space for everyone to run about and it will be a relaxed environment for parents to chat and get to know each other.

The kids will then have the chance to take part in an arts & crafts activity session run by creative Happy Potter owner Una. The session will include:

* painting a ceramic egg
* the option of painting an egg cup too.

There will be time for you to relax with a cup of tea/coffee and a biscuits too.

h4. More Information

* Sessions start at 9am, 9.45am, 10.30am, 11.15am or 12pm
* Book your tickets now at "www.forsanityssake.com/events":http://www.forsanityssake.com/events
* The party is &pound;9 per child
* Where: The Little Gym Hampton Hill address is High Street, Hampton Hill, TW12 1NY.
* For more details please contact Rachel McLean on email "rachel@forsaintyssake.com":mailto:rachel@forsaintyssake.com or tel. 07796 922 321.

_ All the money raised will go to maintaining For Sanity's Sake, which is a not-for-profit, voluntary run Social Enterprise._


{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
