---
layout: post
title: "Weather Updates - 2 December 2010"
permalink: /archives/2010/12/weather_updates_2_december_2010_715am.html
commentfile: 2010-12-02-weather_updates_2_december_2010_715am
category: news
date: 2010-12-02 07:16:32

---

Latest updated on school closures we are aware of.  Please email us at "content@stmargarets.london":mailto:content@stmargarets.london or tweet us "@stmgrts":http://twitter.com/stmgrts if you know of more.

* Richmond College CLOSED
  "closed 2 Dec 2010":https://stmargarets.london/l/VnQBn
* St Marys Schools OPEN
  "open 2 Dec 2010":https://stmargarets.london/l/okEox
* Kingston Grammar School CLOSED
  "closed on 2 Dec 2010":https://stmargarets.london/l/JBhKI
* Orleans Park School - OPEN
  "School is open as normal, 2 Dec 2010":https://stmargarets.london/l/NOR03	
* Trains delayed approx. 20 minutes
  "many cancellations as well":https://stmargarets.london/l/fpxom
* Tubes updates
  "please check TFL, many problems":https://stmargarets.london/l/6NcR3
* St Stephen School OPEN
  "School open as usual":https://stmargarets.london/l/imYke
* Orleans Infants OPEN
  "School open as normal":https://stmargarets.london/l/Pi0Rt  

h3. Richmond Council Update

* All main roads in the borough are open. They were gritted four times overnight and gritting teams will remain on 24 hour standby.
* All schools are open today and children should attend as normal. Please contact your school direct for the latest updates.
* All day centres are currently open and transport services are running as normal.
* All homecare providers are operating as normal.
* Community meals are also being delivered as normal. 

"See website for updates":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/

_last updated 8.20am_





