---
layout: post
title: "Bike Fest Comes to Borough - 24 June 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/06/bike_fest_comes_to_borough_24_june_2012.html
commentfile: 2012-06-21-bike_fest_comes_to_borough_24_june_2012
category: around_town
date: 2012-06-21 22:29:45

---

Local residents and cycling enthusiasts are invited to jump on their bikes and get involved in an action-packed cycling event, as the annual Bike Fest event comes to Twickenham on Sunday 24 June 2012.

Bike Fest, which will take place in the grounds of Kneller Park in Twickenham, is part of the Borough's Strictly Cycling programme, organised by Twickenham Cycling Club and Richmond Council, which aims to get more people on their bike.

In addition to a series of confidence-building coaching sessions, bike safety checks with Dr Bike and advice on how to get the best out of your bike, cyclists will also have the chance to test their ability in the skills arena and grass track racing competition.



Cllr Katharine Harborne, Champion of Cycling for Richmond upon Thames, said:

bq. "I would like to encourage cyclists of all abilities to come along and get involved. Plenty of people will be getting on their bike this season and Bike Fest is a great way to celebrate a summer of cycling and ensure we cycle safe. People will have the opportunity to get their bike checked out by a professional, show off their cycling skills and take part in the free local Sky Ride. There's no better way to see our beautiful borough than on two wheels and Bike Fest is a great place to start."

Bike Fest runs from 10am - 4.00pm at Kneller Gardens, The Meadway, Twickenham, on 24 June 2012.

<cite>-- from a Richmond Council press release "14 June 2012":http://www.richmond.gov.uk/home/council_government_and_democracy/council/civic-offices/departments/communications/press_office/press_releases/june_2012_press_releases/bike_fest_comes_to_borough.htm</cite>


{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
