---
layout: post
title: "Road Works&#58; Crown Road from 19 September 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/08/road_works_crown_road_from_19_september_2012.html
commentfile: 2012-08-23-road_works_crown_road_from_19_september_2012
category: news
date: 2012-08-23 18:56:29

---

UKPN have a project to supply a new power mains connection to a dental practise on Crown Road Twickenham. The work is due to commence on the 19<sup>th</sup> of September 2012 and is expected to run for approximately ten days. During this time (although not for the whole ten days) local through traffic will be regulated by way of temporary, two way traffic signals with Claremont road closed to through traffic at the junction with Crown Road Twickenham.


Access for the residents of Claremont Road will be via a local diversion along Norman Avenue to Sandycoombe Road and Baronsfield Road and Sandycoombe Road. Parking bay suspensions at the junction of Claremont Rd and Crown Road will allow for a turning circle for residents of Claremont Rd.  There will be additional parking bay suspensions on Crown Road (approx half a dozen) and on the junctions of Crown Rd/Norman Ave and Crown Rd/Baronsfield Rd to keep the junctions clear and maintain good sight lines for vehicular and pedestrian traffic.

Once the main works have been completed on Crown Road, inclusive of the "first time" permanent reinstatement, the temporary traffic controls will be lifted, and the works will terminate at the substation in Baronsfield Road. The pedestrian crossing access on Crown Road close to the junction with Baronsfield Rd will be maintained and will remain open during these works as it is the main crossing point for access to the local shops, businesses and schools.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
