---
layout: post
title: "Admissions Policy for St Stephen's Primary School for 2014/15"
permalink: /archives/2012/12/admissions_policy_for_st_stephens_primary_school_f.html
commentfile: 2012-12-20-admissions_policy_for_st_stephens_primary_school_f
category: news
date: 2012-12-20 09:23:56
excerpt: |
    As you are aware the Governing Body is legally required to consult on its admission arrangements. I therefore attach a copy of the proposed procedure for admission into Reception classes and for in year admissions for St Stephen's Primary School for 2014/15. The main changes are to take into account exceptional medical or social needs and to allocate six foundation places on the basis of regular attendance at either St Stephen's or another local Christian church. Other changes are minor and result from the 2012 Schools Admission Code.

---

<div class="letter">

p>. December 2012 

h4. Building Each Other Up in Love and Learning

Dear Colleague

As you are aware the Governing Body is legally required to consult on its admission arrangements. I therefore attach a copy of the proposed procedure for admission into Reception classes and for in year admissions for St Stephen's Primary School for 2014/15. The main changes are to take into account exceptional medical or social needs and to allocate six foundation places on the basis of regular attendance at either St Stephen's or another local Christian church. Other changes are minor and result from the 2012 Schools Admission Code.

If you wish to make any comments I would be grateful if they could be sent to the school by 22<sup>nd</sup> February 2013 by the latest. You can write to the above address or email "info@st-stephens.richmond.sch.uk":mailto:info@st-stephens.richmond.sch.uk.  If you have not heard anything by Friday 1<sup>st</sup> March  2013 you should assume no changes have been made and that the attached policy is the final version as determined by the Governing Body.

It should be noted that admission into Year 3 will continue to adhere to our present policy which acknowledges our previous link to Orleans Infants School and this will be coordinated by the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames School Admissions Team.

Yours sincerely

Shirley Peace
Chair of Governors

</div>

* "St Stephens School Draft Admissions policy 2014 15":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/images/St_Stephens_School_Draft_Admisssions_policy_2014-15.pdf [pdf]





