---
layout: post
title: "Event Reminder&#58; Friends of Moormead Park - 29 January 2013"
permalink: /archives/2012/12/event_reminder_friends_of_moormead_park_29_january.html
commentfile: 2012-12-20-event_reminder_friends_of_moormead_park_29_january
category: around_town
date: 2012-12-20 10:11:48

---

h4. An Open Meeting will be held at The Winchester Hall, Turk's Head, Winchester Street on "Tuesday 29<sup>th</sup> January 2013 at 7pm":http://www.stmgrts.org.uk/event/meeting/200705143740

Our Council is making changes to the way in which our green spaces are managed. They have suggested that a 'Friends of Moormead' be formed so that they can consult with a representative local body.

The proposed Friends of Moormead will neither be a legislative nor an enforcement body. It will exist solely to further the full enjoyment of Moormead Park by advising & consulting with LBRUT.

We are keen to have a Friends of Moormead properly constituted by 31<sup>st</sup> March 2013 when the new framework of LBRUT contracts start.

The more people who sign up and join the 'Friends of Moormead', to ensure we safeguard its future use for the local and wider community, the louder our voice will be.

_PLEASE COME ALONG JOIN UP AND HAVE A DRINK IN THE TURK'S HEAD_


The Proposers are:

* Mandie Adams McGuire- 43 Moormead Road, TW1 1JS - "mandie.adams_mcguire@blueyonder.co.uk":mailto:mandie.adams_mcguire@blueyonder.co.uk
* Stephen Alexander FCA - 5, Cole Park View. - "alexander.stephen@gmail.com":mailto:alexander.stephen@gmail.com

For further information on the draft constitution and to put your name forward to become an Officer of the Friends of Moormead please contact either Mandie or Stephen on the above emails.



{% include comments.html commentfile=page.commentfile%}
