---
layout: post
title: "A Vision for Twickenham Sorting Office - 23 to 24  March 2012"
permalink: /archives/2012/03/a_vision_for_twickenham_sorting_office_23_to_24_ma.html
commentfile: 2012-03-15-a_vision_for_twickenham_sorting_office_23_to_24_ma
category: news
date: 2012-03-15 22:31:11

---

_A Community Planning Weekend_

You are invited to attend this Vision for Twickenham Sorting Office Community Planning Weekend to participate in creating a new Vision for the future this important site.

St James (part of the Berkeley Group) has recently purchased the former Sorting Office site with a view to bringing forward residential led, mixed use proposals. The aim is to meet the aspirations of the emerging Twickenham Area Action Plan and deliver a development of high quality, which enhances this important part of Twickenham and is well integrated with the surrounding area. St James has appointed John Thompson & Partners (JTP) as architects for the scheme and to facilitate the community planning process.

Community Planning is a way of engaging with the local community and partners to shape the future of their towns and neighbourhoods. At the Community Planning Weekend you will have the opportunity to take part in workshops, walkabouts and hands-on planning groups to discuss key issues and develop ideas relating to the regeneration of the site. This event will be an opportunity to share local knowledge and contribute to the emerging Vision for the site. Pop in for a short while, a few hours or stay for the entire time if you can. Team members will be on hand to explain what's happening.

Following the public workshop days the team led by JTP will analyse and summarise the outcomes and develop an illustrated Vision for the Sorting Office site. It will be held at 7pm on Wednesday 25 April 2012 at RACC.



h4. More Information

* When: Friday 23 March [2pm - 7pm] & Saturday 24 March [11am - 4pm]
* Where: at Richmond Adult and Community College, Clifden Road,Twickenham TW1 4LT [RACC]
* Contact: Ieva Anserberga, John Thompson & Partners by email at "ia@jtp.co.uk":mailto:ia@jtp.co.uk or by telephone on 020 7017 1780.

<cite>-- from Christopher J Squire</cite>



